Rainy night tick! Tick ​​—— light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang —— bang bang ——! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang ——! Someone is knocking at the door. "Ruby, are you home?" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. "Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. "Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!" Totti said cheerfully. "But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain." Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. "Oh! No no no, look-" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, "We can listen to the rain and sing together!" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the small room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain and happily sang: "Let's listen to the rain, ticking, ticking is so nice ..." Ruby jumped from the bed all at once, and he opened the door— — Totti is standing outside the door. He is holding an umbrella, wearing rain boots on his feet, and the rain boots are covered with mud.