{"all_data": [{"nb": 1, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. \"After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said,\" Awesome little bugs, we have given you a nice name. Your name is golden shell, because your hard shell is shining with gold in the sun!"}, {"nb": 2, "data": "The sun doll that loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she swollen her mouth round and blew towards the clouds around her, blew it, and blew out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round brain. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The sun doll was blowing in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus, and blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... the more she blew, I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea, and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew that white cloud into a beautiful white spray in the sea. The happier she was, the more she accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea, and she rolled into the sea together."}, {"nb": 3, "data": "Cats are good at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, it can turn around, and it can recognize even the smallest sound in time. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes."}, {"nb": 4, "data": "The grass is yellow, and the leaves are yellow. I heard the wind rustling on the leaves and rustling. The golden yellow leaves fluttered in the air like a beautiful butterfly. A little yellow leaf flew over my shoulder, and quietly said to me, \"I'm here!\" I put this little yellow leaf on my palm, and put it gently into a small river, little The yellow leaves turned into a golden boat. The autumn wind blew slightly, blowing the golden boat. The boat, slowly and slowly sailing away into the distance ... the autumn wind blows slightly, blowing the golden boat."}, {"nb": 5, "data": "Little grass baby In our campus, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, Sister Feng blows gently, and the baby grass nods, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful."}, {"nb": 6, "data": "There is an old tailor in tailoring, and his business is particularly good in this shop. Once, a new official came to the store, and said with great vigor: \"Make a suit for me!\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and cut the front of the clothes longer than the back. .... The official said angrily, \"How to wear this kind of clothes?\" The old tailor ignored him. Wait for the clothes to be ready, and the officer will just wear them! The old tailor smiled and said, \"You have just become an officer, and you must walk with your chest up, so I made the front longer.\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and put the front of the clothes. It was longer than the back ... The official said angrily, \"How do I wear this kind of clothes?"}, {"nb": 7, "data": "A hand of gratitude On Thanksgiving Day, a first-grade teacher asked the classmates to draw something they were grateful for. Most of these children are from poor families, so she expected that most of them would draw a table of hearty Thanksgiving dishes. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it! Whose hand is this? Classmates in the class are eager to guess: \"This must be the hand of God who has given us food,\" said a child. \"It's the farmer's. He fed the turkey with this hand.\" Another child continued. After a while of guessing, the students returned to their positions and continued to draw. Then the teacher came to Douglas and bent down to ask his hand. \"That's your hand, teacher.\" He answered timidly. Douglas was short and unpleasant, but the teacher would always take his hand when he was out of class. She often shakes her classmates' hands like this, and everyone is accustomed to it, but this is of great significance to Douglas. Maybe the meaning of Thanksgiving is not to accept gifts, but to take the opportunity to thank others for their contributions, no matter how small they are. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it!"}, {"nb": 8, "data": "Animal Moms Dolls Animal moms have various ways to bring dolls. The mother chicken always spreads her two wings and walks with her baby chick. The mother kangaroo has a big pocket on her belly, and the dolls are often packed inside, like a big cradle. The most interesting thing is that there is a fish called cichlid. The small fish doll often gets into the mother's mouth. Mommy 's mouth is the doll' s home. The most interesting thing is that there is a fish called cichlid. The small fish doll often gets into the mother's mouth."}, {"nb": 9, "data": "On Sunday morning, Xiaoying took a bus to her grandmother 's house. There were so many people in the car. As soon as Xiaoying found a seat, she saw a gray-haired grandfather getting on the car. The grandfather carried a crutch in one hand and a bag in one hand, and coughed while walking. Xiaoying stood up quickly and said to the grandfather with a smile: \"Grandpa, please sit here.\" The grandfather said touchedly, \"Thank you, good boy!\" Xiaoying said, \"No thanks!\" Ticket auntie, car The uncle, the aunt with the child, the grandmother and the white-bearded grandfather laughed happily. Everyone praised her and said, \"This is really a good boy who respects the elderly.\" There were so many people in the car. Seat, I saw a gray-haired grandpa coming in the car."}, {"nb": 10, "data": "A good friend has a little cat in the zoo, which looks very cute. The little animals like to approach it and they all want to be friends with it. One day, the little cat was drawing by the river. The rabbit said: \"The kitten is so good at drawing, it is really a big painter.\" The little fox said, \"This painting is so good that you can take it to the competition.\" The puppy said, \"Not only can you participate in the competition, but You can get the first place! \"Pig said,\" This picture is not good at all. How can a chick swim in the water? Goldfish can't get on the tree! \"The kitten smiled embarrassedly, it said: \"Thank you for pointing out my mistake. You are really my good friend.\" The kitten smiled embarrassedly, and said, \"Thank you for pointing out my mistake. You are really my good friend."}, {"nb": 11, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. When the wind comes, the branches of the big tree spread out to protect the little bird's home;"}, {"nb": 12, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears, and monkeys played together in the woods. They saw the puppies building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we also build a house?\" \"Okay!\" Lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out. The kitten said, \"Not good, not good. I want to build the house by the river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river!\" The bear said, \"I want to live in a cave. Yes, let's dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened, jumped up, and said,\" What's the matter? I think it's better to live in a tree, that's more comfortable! \" Where is it? The chick said, \"My friends, how about we also build a house?"}, {"nb": 13, "data": "Once upon a time, a couple opened a hotel, and because of the cheap wine they sold, the business was booming. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water with the wine and sold it for five yuan more. At night when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her compliment. Who knew that her husband was so angry that his feet were so straight that he cried with headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with only 5 yuan of credibility. Sure enough, their business was not as prosperous as before, and finally finally broke completely. When the wife was impoverished and dying, she shed tears in remorse and said, \"I see ...\" One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water in the wine and sold it for five yuan more."}, {"nb": 14, "data": "A lilac tree grows by the pond. In spring, lilac trees are covered with lilac flowers. No matter who comes to the pond, they must smile and take a look at Ding Xianghua. One day, a melancholy man came to the pond. He broke a few cloves and took them away. Some young people came to travel and washed their faces by the pond. When they set off, they broke a lot of blooming branches. After a while, the people who came to the pond never smiled again. In spring, lilac trees are covered with lilac flowers."}, {"nb": 15, "data": "Snowflakes were blowing in the north wind, and snowflakes were falling from the sky. Snowflakes fell on the trees, and the trees were covered with snow-white pear flowers. Snowflakes fell on the field, and the wheat seedlings were covered with thick quilts. Snowflakes fell on Mom 's coat, which was strewn with glittering flowers. Snowflakes fell on the trees, and the trees were covered with snow-white pear flowers."}, {"nb": 16, "data": "Oranges Today, Dad bought a basket of oranges from the fruit store. I took one and took a closer look. Oranges are oblate and the size of my fist. The skin is orange. It has a skin, but it looks like a small lantern from a distance. Peeling the orange peel, a peculiar fragrance of oranges comes out. The orange skin is white, like the orange gauze covered with orange petals. The orange petals are crescent-shaped, like a crooked moon, and many orange petals sit together around several good brothers. Put a flap into your mouth, the juice overflows, nourishes the throat, flows into the belly, and sweetens the heart, making people eat more and more. Oranges are oblate and the size of my fist. The skin is orange."}, {"nb": 17, "data": "Doudou's bad habit Doudou always likes to lick things. He said he wants to taste the taste of things. His mother told him that it was unhygienic and he didn't listen. He often grabbed toys and licked them. He often said, \"People said, don't do it clean, and they didn't get sick when they ate.\" Mother couldn't do anything about him. The bacteria on the plastic elephant was licked into the stomach by Doudou. My stomach hurts! Doudou was rolling with pain. When she saw it, she hurried him to the hospital. The doctor said, \"Little Doudou, you will get sick if you lick things up. Now you have to get an injection and medicine!\" Little Doudou nodded silently. Since then, Doudou can no longer lick toys. Not only does he not lick things up, he also develops a good habit of washing his hands and changing his clothes frequently. Now that everyone has met Doudou, they all boast that he is a good child who loves cleanliness. My stomach hurts!"}, {"nb": 18, "data": "The little ant climbed onto the \"airplane\", the dragonfly took off, and the fireflies lit the glittering little lantern in front. The dragonfly flew, flew over the green rockery, flew over the green lawn, and flew to a flower bed, and the little ant arrived home. The dragonfly flew, flew over the green rockery, flew over the green lawn, and flew to a flower bed, and the little ant arrived home."}, {"nb": 19, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bee is really hardworking and came to the garden early in the morning to collect nectar. It flies in and out of flowers to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee, \"Let's take a break, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"It's noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big flower clock here Ah! \"The bee glanced around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower pan. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one kind of flower was opening. Lark said: \"This kind of flower is called noon flower. She only blooms at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!\" The bee asked: \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory usually blooms at four, rose at five, rose at 6 o'clock, peony at seven, lotus At eight o'clock, at ten o'clock is Banzhilian. \"\" Without an alarm clock, the circadian clock in their bodies wakes them up! \"\" I have learned another way to master time! \"Said the bee happily. The lark said: \"This flower is called 'Noon Flower'. She only blooms at noon. Of course she is blooming now at noon!"}, {"nb": 20, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" The farmer opened the door and took a look It turned out that three old men stood outside the door."}, {"nb": 21, "data": "Yaya draws a picture. Yaya picked up a small tree branch and squatted down on the beach to learn to draw. Draw a frog tadpole, and the waves rush up and eat it in one bite. Draw a little bird, and the waves rush up, scaring the bird to run away. Draw a small shrimp crawling, the waves rushed up, and brought the shrimps back to the sea to find his mother. Draw a little bird, and the waves rush up, scaring the bird to run away."}, {"nb": 22, "data": "On the day of picking the water, the mother got up before the chicken barked. She gently opened the door and saw a figure in the hazy night, struggling to pour water into the water tank while holding a bucket. The mother hurried over and saw that it turned out to be her son Zhu De. Mother touched Zhu De's tender shoulder and felt sad for a while. \"Mom, don't worry, I can do it!\" Then, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of this sensible child, the mother thought to herself, \"It's really pleasant to be so considerate of the elders and bear hardships at such a young age!\" With that, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen."}, {"nb": 23, "data": "The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree. Little fruit tree, please be a guest. The raindrops were very happy, and they filled the little fruit tree with water. The green leaves of a small fruit tree grow longer and more. It invited the little bird to be a guest. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs. The little fruit tree is in bloom and it invites the little bees as guests. The little bee is very happy to help pollen the little fruit tree. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest."}, {"nb": 24, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. Then the monkey knew that he had been fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's not easy to believe what others say, and it's easier to be deceived if you believe what others say!\" On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to be fooled."}, {"nb": 25, "data": "On this day, the father called the three children to him, and said, \"Please fold each of these sticks!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately slammed, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied the three sticks together and gave them to the elder son. \"Fold it!\" The eldest son tried his best to fold this bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Kids, you see, one stick is very fragile, but the three are tied together to become strong. That is to say, as long as you work together, there is nothing impossible.\" Father put three sticks Tied it up and gave it to the eldest son."}, {"nb": 26, "data": "Spring rain The rustling spring rain, like thousands of silk threads, floats down ... The swallows passing by the rain, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves, and the red ones are peach flowers. A clear river was also woven, and the fish in the river shook their tails cheerfully. Under the hillside across the river, there are sowing farmers; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture! What a beautiful picture!"}, {"nb": 27, "data": "The ants and tadpoles are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have sweats on their backs and pulls. When several crickets saw it, they all laughed. The ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to enjoy the cool, some sing, some sleep, and all were free. When winter is here, the northwest wind blows whistling, and the ants lie in a hole full of grain for the winter. You are cold and hungry, and you don't look good anymore. When winter is here, the northwest wind blows whistling, and the ants lie in a hole full of grain for the winter."}, {"nb": 28, "data": "On the river, there was a small wooden bridge. After an elephant walked over it, the wooden bridge became an old ringing bridge. Every day, when the little animals walk on the bridge, they can hear nice songs. Below, the little river is singing, clapping; in the middle, the small wooden bridge is singing, creaking; above, the little bird is singing, babbling. It's so fun! One day, the elephant will cross the river again. The elephant stood by the bridge, listening to the song, \"I can't walk this bridge. If I walk over the bridge, the singing bridge will never sing again.\" The elephant stood by the bridge, listening The song said, \"I can't walk this bridge. If I walk over the bridge, the bridge that can sing will never sing again."}, {"nb": 29, "data": "When the sky was about to get dark, the cock met the owl, and there was a dispute between them. The cock said, \"As soon as the shiny round object in the sky comes out, the weather is much warmer!\" The owl said, \"Who said? When the shiny round object comes out, I feel cold all over!\" The cock said: \"Warm!\" The owl said loudly, \"Cold!\" They argued for a long time, but it turned out to be inconclusive. When the sky was about to get dark, the cock met the owl, and there was a dispute between them."}, {"nb": 30, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. \"Isn't this obviously ice? How does the lion king say it is water?"}, {"nb": 31, "data": "One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone. They are better than running. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up. The cock proudly said to the ducks, \"You can believe that I am great!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swims fast and steadily. The cock is covered with water and almost drowns. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, my ability is great.\" No one is convinced by them. One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone."}, {"nb": 32, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. I had to go back to my room."}, {"nb": 33, "data": "A family with a square face and a round face lived at the foot of the mountain. There was a husband and a mother-in-law. Her husband is tall and thin, with a square face. The wife was short and very fat, with a round face and a round face. Square Face Husband likes square things. He sits on a square stool; he drinks a square cup; even if he walks, he takes four steps. Round-faced granny likes round things. She eats a round table; combs her hair and looks in a round mirror; she sleeps without a pillow and a big pumpkin. One day, the old couple quarreled and wanted to split up. The husband said, \"The square things are mine!\" The old woman said, \"The round things are mine!\" OK, let's settle, let's divide. The husband stood in a small courtyard and said, \"The house is square, it belongs to me.\" The old woman said, \"The courtyard is round. I have to demolish the roof ...\" The husband pointed to the table and chairs and said, \"The square stool The square is mys. \"The old lady said,\" The nails are round, and I have to take them down ... \"The old couple split up all morning, and the more they became unclear. Look at it: the quilt is square, and the flowers embroidered on the quilt are round! The kitchen knife is square, and the handle is round! The gown is square, and the sleeves are round! ... The couple looked at each other again and found out: The face of her husband is square, and her eyes are round! The granny's face is round, and the two front teeth are square! \"Haha!\" Her husband smiled. \"Flop!\" My wife was happy. Both her husband and her mother-in-law said, \"It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter!\" Now, the husband and his wife still live together, and they are happier when they pass. The husband said, \"Fang things are mine!"}, {"nb": 34, "data": "A group of animals was grazing and a tiger rushed. The animals were so scared that they ran away, but only one rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger nodded and turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance swarmed up, and surrounded the warrior, singing praises to it. The tiger hasn't gone far, it is spying far away. After a while, when he saw the rhino leaving the group of animals, he immediately turned back and rushed forward. The animals fled and fled again. There was only one innocent little lamb who had just been born. He was not afraid, and opened up with a pair of curious eyes, yelled at the tiger affectionately. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. After a moment, he turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger, and sang praises to it. The tiger nodded and turned around and left."}, {"nb": 35, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. The next day, the sun rose from the east."}, {"nb": 36, "data": "The north wind whistled. It blew on the grass and the grass changed color. It blows at the sycamore tree, and the sycamore tree leaves. It blew at the birds, and the birds hid in their nests. It blew at the birds, and the birds hid in their nests."}, {"nb": 37, "data": "The girl Qiuer was still screaming vigorously, and she knew her voice was dumb. Everyone looked forward to it. She finally came. She flew down from the high blue sky with the wild geese. Burning torches are dancing in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kiss each apple face in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple tree ... Girl Qiu traveled all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red, and each of them was filled with our laughter. The girl Qiu has traveled all over our hometown. Her footprints are yellow and red, and every footprint is filled with our laughter."}, {"nb": 38, "data": "It was late at night, and the moon through the curtains saw a little girl sleeping on the bed, with a backpack beside it, filled with fruits and snacks. Moon said to himself: \"Tomorrow, the children will go on an outing, and they have to discuss it with the sun father, so that there will be a good weather tomorrow.\" The moon came to the window of another house and saw a little girl taking care of the sick Mother. The mother said, \"Jin Zhen, go to bed early, don't be too tired, you will go on an outing tomorrow.\" \"Mom, I don't want to go.\" \"Tomorrow I will play with everyone!\" \"But, The doctor said that your illness is not good yet! \"The moon quietly left the window and thought:\" I'll go and tell Father Lei, it's going to rain tomorrow! \"On a sunny day two days later, there were many children In line, happily walked on the outing. The moon said to himself: \"Tomorrow, if the children go on an outing, they have to discuss it with the father-in-law of the sun, so that there will be a good weather tomorrow."}, {"nb": 39, "data": "Handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the telephone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, picked up a basin of water, put a handkerchief in the water to soak it, and then applied soap to it. Then I rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and I got a lot of foam. After rubbing it, I washed it again with clean water and wrung the handkerchief. Take a look and see! There was no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one. There was no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 40, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better."}, {"nb": 41, "data": "How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic films for walls and roofs to shield them from the wind and rain, and to absorb sunlight. In addition, they need to be heated to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the midwinter years, people can still cultivate summer vegetables. How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables."}, {"nb": 42, "data": "Rainy night tick! Tick \u200b\u200b\u2014\u2014 light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang \u2014\u2014 bang bang \u2014\u2014! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang \u2014\u2014! Someone is knocking at the door. \"Ruby, are you home?\" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. \"Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!\" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. \"Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!\" Totti said cheerfully. \"But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain.\" Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. \"Oh! No no no, look-\" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, \"We can listen to the rain and sing together!\" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the small room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain and happily sang: \"Let's listen to the rain, ticking, ticking is so nice ...\" Ruby jumped from the bed all at once, and he opened the door\u2014 \u2014 Totti is standing outside the door. He is holding an umbrella, wearing rain boots on his feet, and the rain boots are covered with mud."}, {"nb": 43, "data": "One night fishing for ducks, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I had no bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that in my shoulder bag for hunting, there was a little piece of lard left. Great! Immediately I took out the lard and quickly tied it to a long and thin rope and threw the rope into the water. When the wild duck saw lard, it immediately came over. A pouting wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, after it entered the duck's mouth, it quickly passed the duck's intestine and slipped out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild ducks were put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over, one by one swallowed the lard, and they were worn on my rope one by one. In less than 10 minutes, all the wild ducks looked like beads. Dressed up. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was so tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me into the sky. I didn't hesitate to make a rudder out of my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my home. In this way, the wild ducks were put on my rope."}, {"nb": 44, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. The spring doll said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a loud song. The spring doll said something to Xiaohua, and Xiaohua opened her red mouth. The spring doll said something to the wild goose, and the wild goose flew home from the south. The spring doll's ability is so big that everything in the world listens to it! The spring doll's ability is so big that everything in the world listens to it!"}, {"nb": 45, "data": "Spring is here \"Spring is here!\" The swallow yelled, reporting the good news to people. Spring is really here and everything looks like I just woke up. The warm spring breeze blew gently, the golden sun bathed the ground, and it shone warmly on people. The field was covered with green clothes, and the river was flowing swiftly ... the spring really came, and everything seemed like just waking up."}, {"nb": 46, "data": "A deer and a lion are beside the clear spring, and a deer is bowing its head to drink water. The water surface is like a mirror, which clearly reflects the figure of a deer. The deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This was his most proud place. Look again at the two thin legs on the water surface, supporting the body weakly, and the deer can't help but feel discouraged. Lu Zhengsi froze, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run away. His thin legs ran light and flexible, leaving the lion far behind. The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but the two thick legs were powerless, and he could only watch the deer escape and watch. Due to panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle tripped the two high horns of the deer. The deer was desperately struggling, but still couldn't get rid of it, instead it made a loud noise. The lion came after him from behind. The lion darted at the deer and caught it. Deer said before dying: \"What I thought was unsightly saved me, but what I trusted so much killed me.\" A sense of self-protection drove him to run and his thin legs ran lightly, Flexible, leaving the lion far behind."}, {"nb": 47, "data": "Spring Spring girl's rustling footsteps are near. The infinite bright spring on the field made Xiao He more enchanting. The grass on the shore secretly got out of the soil and danced lightly under the breeze of spring, and the grass was like a turquoise blanket in the sun. The children were sitting on it, lying down, and some were rolling. The little lamb jumped \"motherly\" beside her mother. On both sides of the river, rows of weeping willows grow green buds, cuckoos and magpies, bouncing on the branches, singing crisp and gentle songs, and the branches of the weeping willows protrude into the thawing river, as if to wash away the cold winter. The breeze blew through, and waves rippled on the water surface. The green mountains and trees reflected in the water expanded for a while, shrank for a while, gathered for a while, and spread out like naughty fish swimming there. On both sides of the river, rows of weeping willows grow green buds, cuckoos and magpies, bouncing on the branches, singing crisp and gentle songs, and the branches of the weeping willows protrude into the thawing river, as if to wash away the cold winter."}, {"nb": 48, "data": "Where is the wind where is the wind The wind is in the sky. You see, it's running forward with clouds blowing like a sailboat on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is over the willows. You see, it blows gently against the wicker, like children are dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, the duckweed on the water keeps shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hands. I waved the air, and the wind came. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 49, "data": "The hands of Grandpa Earth and the little monkey and bunny are good friends. One day, they were playing under the tree, jumping, singing, so happy! After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches.\" Yeah, the peaches on the tree are big and red. They must be delicious. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick some peaches for us, okay?\" The father monkey didn't answer, and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves. The little rabbit said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!\" The monkey father smiled and said, \"Don't thank me, this is the help of Grandpa Earth.\" The little monkey felt strange: \"How can Grandpa Earth help?\" Little Rabbit also said : \"Yeah, how can Grandpa Earth help? He has no hands.\" Grandpa Earth spoke: \"No, I have a hand, and I have a lot of strength, so that ripe peaches can fall down, and they can be kicked. The football in the air fell ... my hand is the gravity that you can't see. \"Grandpa Earth had just finished, and a few peaches fell from the tree again. \"The monkey father hadn't answered it and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves."}, {"nb": 50, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"As soon as Luer came home, he ran into the grandma's room and called:\" Grandma, I brought you a gift. Look, this is sunshine! \""}, {"nb": 51, "data": "In the morning, the sun was shining on the balcony. My mother was quilting her grandma. Xiaofeng asked her mother, \"Grandma's quilt is not wet at all. Why do you want to dry it?\" \"The quilt has been exposed, and it will be warmer if the grandmother covers it,\" said his mother. In the morning, the sun was shining on the balcony. My mother was quilting her grandma."}, {"nb": 52, "data": "When the pony met the old goat on the road, he said to the old goat, \"Grandpa goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat got on the car happily. Before walking far, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. The pony said to them, \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and rabbit also jumped into the pony's car happily. Everyone said that Pony was really enthusiastic. The pony said to them, \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!"}, {"nb": 53, "data": "Some time ago, my father bought me a golden bear. The golden bear has beautiful ears, a round nose, and thick fluff. It looks very cute. My brother and I often feed it, sometimes it feeds cabbage, sometimes it feeds rapeseed, and sometimes it feeds peanuts. It tastes delicious. One day, the golden bear bit the big cardboard box it lived in and escaped. We are in a hurry, looking for it everywhere. It was really interesting to catch it under the kitchen cabinet. The golden bear has beautiful ears, a round nose, and thick fluff. It looks very cute."}, {"nb": 54, "data": "The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter."}, {"nb": 55, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. The sun kissed the leaves, and the leaves turned green. The sun kissed the grapes, and the grapes became purple. So what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun."}, {"nb": 56, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, elder brother, and younger squirrel, come on, everyone!"}, {"nb": 57, "data": "White mushrooms thunder, a shower, and beautiful woods with water pearls. A big mushroom was drilled out of the green and lovely grass. The whole body of the big mushroom is white and snowy, fresh and smooth like the petals of a pear flower. The round head looks like an open umbrella, and it looks like a stand on a pillar. The golden sun shone on it, twinkling with radiance. Wow ! What a beautiful white mushroom. The praying mantis jumped up and said loudly, \"I will play a big knife under the white mushroom, and I will not get sweaty.\" The white mushroom cried, \"Don't! Don't! What do you do with a big knife that hurts me?\" Gently said, \"The white mushroom is timid, don't scare it. Practice the knife beside me!\" The praying mantis lowered its head and walked away. I ran over and shouted, \"I want to stand on the top of white mushrooms and sing. What a beautiful stage!\" White mushrooms cried, \"No, no! What do you do if you step on it?\" Qing Cao said enthusiastically: \"Come, stand on my green leaves and sing!\" \u87cb\u87c0 blinked, and left. The little ant came over and said, \"At night, I sat under the big umbrella of the white mushroom and listened to the music played by the children. The dew wouldn't wet my clothes.\" The white mushroom pouted and said, \"No Well! No one is allowed to approach me. \"Everyone looked at the white mushroom in astonishment, silent. The praying mantis jumped over and said loudly, \"I will play a big knife under the white mushroom, and I will not get sweaty."}, {"nb": 58, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a teacher who gave a question to students: see who can buy a thing with little money and can fill the study room. After school, the students went to the market. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took out a candle from his sleeve and lit it. The candlelight lit the whole room at once. After seeing him, he said happily, \"Okay! Good! Han Yu is so smart!\" Once upon a time, there was a teacher who asked the students a question: \"Who can buy something with little money and can fill the study room?\" ."}, {"nb": 59, "data": "To prevent the butterfly from being stabbed, Xiao Zhuoya was playing in the garden. She approached a locust tree. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it. Oh, why isn't she afraid! What if it hits the thorn? Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three. When she saw it, she asked her, \"Zoya, what are you doing? Why do you want to stab?\" \"In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed.\" Zoya replied. Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three."}, {"nb": 60, "data": "The bear bears peaches In spring, the peach trees that bear bears grow in the mountains are full of green leaves and full of pink flowers. In summer, the trees are full of big, red peaches. The bear picked the peach and happily ate it with his friends. The bear picked the peach and happily ate it with his friends."}, {"nb": 61, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. \"My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes."}, {"nb": 62, "data": "Crows and Larks Crows really don't understand why Larks can sing such beautiful songs. When people talk about lark, they will praise it. The crow thought: If I could have a natural voice like a lark, how good would it be! The crow couldn't think of any good way, so he had to ask the lark for help, and he asked the lark to help it achieve its purpose. The lark told the crow: \"If you want a good voice and sing beautiful songs, you have to get up early every morning, regardless of spring, summer, autumn and winter, and you will continue to practice in this way for a long time and you will be successful.\" Before the crow listened to the lark, he flew away (not convinced, dissatisfied). Those who are afraid of difficulties will get nothing. Crows and Larks Crows really don't understand why Larks can sing such beautiful songs."}, {"nb": 63, "data": "A spider is weaving a web. It had just been woven a few times and a strong wind blew off the wire. The spider weaved again, just half of it, and a shower of rain hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry and weaved again, but a hailstone broke the web again. The spider was not discouraged, and weaved again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving\u2014a large, strong net. The spider happily sat in the middle of the web and caught the pests flying around. A spider is weaving a web."}, {"nb": 64, "data": "Tail Races In the forest, animals have to hold tail races. There are a lot of animals signing up for the competition! On the day of the match, the forest was lively! The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped into the pine tree and performed his own show-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped down from the tree, falling just behind the old monkey. The next contestants are oxen, swallows, capuchin monkeys ... After the game is over, the old monkey scratches his head and says, \"All are useful tails, who is the champion?\" In the tail race forest, the animals want Hold a tail race."}, {"nb": 65, "data": "Good neighbor bunny loves to jump and sing. These days, she does not jump or sing, walks softly, speaks softly. Mother Rabbit was so anxious that she thought the rabbit was ill and wanted to take her to the hospital for treatment. \"No, I'm not sick.\" The rabbit quietly told her mother ... The goat father who was living downstairs was sick and was lying at home to rest. The bunny mother brought the little rabbit downstairs to see the goat father. The goat father got up and said with a smile: \"My illness is much better. Thank you for your concern. You are really my good neighbors!\" Good neighbors! The little rabbit listened and smiled sweetly. \"Bunny quietly told her mother ..."}, {"nb": 66, "data": "Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River."}, {"nb": 67, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Go get it."}, {"nb": 68, "data": "The little monkey ate the watermelon. The little monkey ran to the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He picked the next watermelon and ate it. A calf next to him saw him deliver the round watermelon to his mouth, and said to him, \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The little monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" Then he bit down a piece of watermelon rind, chewed without taste, and threw the bitten watermelon angrily to the ground and said, \"Not good! Not good!\" Calf Tell him, \"Who wants you to eat the skin? When eating watermelon, you should eat the cricket inside!\" The calf told him, \"Who wants you to eat the skin?\""}, {"nb": 69, "data": "After spending a year, Russian writer Gorky recuperated on an island in Italy. His ten-year-old son followed his mother to visit his father. The son planted some flower seeds in the yard where my father lived. Soon, he returned to China with his mother. In spring the flowers sprout and grow leaves, and soon the flowers are in full bloom. Gorky looked at the blooming flowers under the window, and was very happy, so he wrote a letter to his son, which means: You are gone, but the flowers you planted are left. I looked at them and thought to myself: My good son left something as beautiful on the island as flowers. If you leave people with beautiful things no matter what time and place, like flowers, good thoughts, and very good memories for you, how happy your life is! At that time, you will feel that everyone needs you. You know, \"giving\" is always better than \"getting\". Soon, he returned to China with his mother."}, {"nb": 70, "data": "Kangaroo and gold An old kangaroo takes his child out of the way. When he was tired of walking and put down the child to rest, he found a pile of gold around him. The old kangaroo looked at the golden gold and still put his child in the bag. The grass on the side of the road said to the kangaroo, \"Wouldn't you use your sack to fill a bag full of gold?\" \"No.\" The kangaroo said, \"I still want my child. In my mother's heart, I lost it. Loved ones, gold is worthless. \"The old kangaroo looked at Jin Chancan's gold and still put his child in the bag."}, {"nb": 71, "data": "Yeti stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, little cat and little dog came, and said to the snowman, \"We are looking for spring. When we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, and when they saw a row of budding willow branches, the puppy broke a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a bunch of tadpoles, the kittens took a bottle. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone. The little rabbit, little cat and little dog came and said to the snowman, \"We are looking for spring. When we find it, we must bring a gift to you."}, {"nb": 72, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked Lao Niu for comment, and Lao Niu said, \"You two only see your strengths, you can't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. They took a few steps and saw a narrow and narrow fence It's too short."}, {"nb": 73, "data": "Wu Mi borrowed books. Wu Mi, a famous historian, often walked dozens of miles to the book collectors in the county when he was a teenager. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, and halfway through the book, after reading the book, he returned the same way, sent the book back and borrowed another. Once, Wu Xuan borrowed a copy of \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" and said that after reading it for three months, who would have returned the book on the fifth day. The collector was dubious, and selected several stories from the book for him to tell. Wu Mi told it accurately, and the collector nodded again and again. Wu Mi borrowed books. Wu Mi, a famous historian, often walked dozens of miles to the book collectors in the county when he was a teenager."}, {"nb": 74, "data": "The spring of willows is here, and shoots burst from the branches of the willows, which flutter in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together. When Xiaojun saw that the wicker was very beautiful, he folded it and played with it. At this moment, Xiaofang saw hurriedly and said, \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated hard by the gardener Berber, and are for everyone to appreciate. We must love it and cannot damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with shame: \"I will never pick flowers again and again.\" Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together."}, {"nb": 75, "data": "Proud \"8\" In the digital kingdom, \"8\" is the one who loves to brag about himself. This is not, it says again: \"Now people are saying '888'-'Fafafa'. Someone even moved to get the '8' phone number ...\" 8 \"is spitting At that time, \"4.0\" came to persuade it: \"'8' brother, save some effort to help people calculate! \"Hearing here,\" 8 \"was blowing his beard and staring again:\" The bold \u20184\u2019 dare to speak to me like this. \u201d You and \u20182\u2019 together are \u2018dead\u2019! Being with \u20187\u2019 is \u2018dead wife\u2019! In short, none of the figures with you can lead a good life! \"4\" was annoyed by \"8\" and said aloud, \"You crazy\u2018 8 \u2019, in the country of music, people sing\u2018 fafafa \u2019when you see me, and what about you? You can't even rank in the music country! \"\" 8 \"Angrily gritted his teeth, but he was speechless, and had to squeeze a sentence out of his teeth:\" I don't have general knowledge with you! \" Then he walked away. \"8\" was blowing spitting, \"4.0\" came over to persuade him: \"'8' brother, save some energy to help people calculate the formula!"}, {"nb": 76, "data": "Little sparrow's ambition The little sparrow has a lot of fantasies, but he doesn't know what he can do, he always has no idea. He thought that, as a singer, he stood on a tree branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how hard he practiced, Sister Lark did not sing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the room all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot and a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persist. It felt very sad that it could do nothing. The mother said to it, \"Child, your ambitions are all very good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. Ca n\u2019t succeed! \u201dThe mother said to it,\u201c Child, your ambitions are good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. , Then you can never succeed!"}, {"nb": 77, "data": "The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is really good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me, \"This is a phalaenopsis.\" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said,\" This flower is very strange, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I take a closer look. The petals of this flower are half purple and the other half It's white, blown by the wind, like a flying butterfly, it's amazing! The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is so good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\""}, {"nb": 78, "data": "The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everybody knows one by one. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home. It turns out that little ants use tentacles to deliver messages. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know."}, {"nb": 79, "data": "The trees that \"smoke\" overnight, thousands of trees were covered with green buds, and the red and yellow flowers; but at the window of my house, a large tree seemed to be smoking. Will you read it wrong? I rubbed my eyes. Really, there were \"light smoke\" from the top of the tree. \"Trees smoke, it 's incredible.\" I leaned closer to the windowsill and decided to see what happened. Under the leaves of the big tree, there are \"fruit ears\" hanging, \"smoke\" comes out from there, the \"fruit ears\" full of trees, and the \"smoke\" full of trees. What is going on here? It turned out that it was releasing \"energy\", releasing the \"energy\" stored in the winter, so that the spring grows more lush. Every spring they \"smoke\". How about a jasmine in the flower and a primrose in the tree? A tree that \"smokes\". It turned out that it was releasing \"energy\", releasing the \"energy\" stored in the winter, so that the spring grows more lush."}, {"nb": 80, "data": "Hometown children love their hometown. They used a paintbrush to paint their beautiful hometown. Yang Yang's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains. The mountains he painted are so high and the water is so clear. Pingping's hometown is in the plain. The plain he painted is so beautiful, golden rice, snow-white cotton, and a large green field. Yuanyuan's hometown is in the grassland. The prairie he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very tall. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains. The mountains he painted are so high and the water is so clear."}, {"nb": 81, "data": "The kettle that I can call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will make a whistle, as if shouting: \"Water is boiling! Water is boiling!\" Why is it called? After careful observation, I found that there was a whistle on its cover. When the water was boiled, the water vapour in the pot could only come out of the whistle because the lid was tight. Then the whistle rang. I thought: This kettle is simple and practical, and the person who invented it is really smart! When the water was boiled, the water vapour in the pot could only come out of the whistle because the lid was tight. Then the whistle rang."}, {"nb": 82, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room."}, {"nb": 83, "data": "Bees and butterflies In the morning, the weather was particularly sunny. The little bee said goodbye to her mother and went to the garden to collect honey. The garden is full of flowers and the little bee is so happy that it sings buzzingly while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"Little bee with eyes, you look so ugly, what are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee listened and came home sadly. The mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's the matter with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful. The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey again. The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful, you can't just look at the appearance, you have to see if you can help others do things!"}, {"nb": 84, "data": "The little gecko borrowed his tail. The little gecko climbed, and climbed to the small river. He saw the fish swimming with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister, little fish, can you lend me your tail?\" The little fish said, \"No, I want to use the tail to divert water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, climbed, and climbed onto the big tree. He saw the old ox wagging his tail to eat grass under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cattle, can you lend me your tail?\" The old ox said, \"No, I want to use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old ox and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, and climbed under the eaves. He saw swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I'm flying, I have to use the tail to grasp the direction.\" The little gecko was sad that he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled, crawled, crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing his tail. The mother said with a smile, \"Silly boy, turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned and looked at it happily. \"I have a new tail!\" The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail."}, {"nb": 85, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the highway are tall Indus trees. The sycamore branches are connected with branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green promenade. On both sides of the river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin and the willow leaves are green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees were tall and erect, and they were very leafy. Fruit trees are planted before and after the farmyard: there are plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... in the late spring and early summer, various fruit trees stretch their branches and lush, and the farmyards are covered in thick green. In. In the late spring and early summer, various fruit trees are spreading their leaves and lush, and the small courtyards of the farmhouses are hidden in the thick green."}, {"nb": 86, "data": "Yue Fei Xue wrote Yue Fei was very poor when he was a child. He wants to learn to write, but has no money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it. He said to his mother, \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said, \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he has used branches to learn to write on the sand every day. \"Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said,\" Mom, this is my paper. \""}, {"nb": 87, "data": "When it was raining, the little white rabbit was picking mushrooms on the grass and was having a good time. Suddenly, it was blowing wind and rain. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and put it on its head as an umbrella. It won't rain anymore. Suddenly, it saw a chick screaming. \"Chick, come under the leaves!\" So the chick and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing in the rain again. \"Little cat, come under the leaves!\" So three of them were hiding under the big leaves. The rain stopped and they were happily playing together again. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and put it on its head as an umbrella. It won't rain anymore."}, {"nb": 88, "data": "A tortoise is a reptile. It can swim and crawl, but it crawls slowly. Turtles eat grass and eat small fish and shrimp. The turtle also likes to bask in the sun. During hibernation, it does not eat or move. The turtle also likes to bask in the sun."}, {"nb": 89, "data": "Winter has passed and spring comes to me unknowingly. Spring is on the branch. The sprouts quietly came out and dressed the branches green. Spring is in the garden. The flowers are in bloom, there are red, pink, golden ... colorful, so beautiful! The most attractive thing is the pansy, like a group of flowers and butterflies spreading wings, dancing. In the vast fields in spring, the broad beans and rapes that the farmer uncle worked so hard to produce have white and golden small flowers, exuding a burst of fragrance. Spring is here, the motherland is spring everywhere, I love the spring of the motherland! Winter has passed and spring comes to me unknowingly."}, {"nb": 90, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. \"Uncle raised his thumb."}, {"nb": 91, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. \"He also put a note on the parcel that said:\" I want you to send ice, why do you send water?"}, {"nb": 92, "data": "Dreams of Little Trees Little grey rabbits and little squirrels are bouncing in the woods. The small tree was very envious after seeing it, but its roots were stuck in the soil, and it could not run or jump. One day, it had a dream. The little tree has no root and runs and jumps happily. After a while, the little tree was hot, and the sweat from the leaves turned into water vapor and ran into the sky. The little tree was thirsty and wanted to drink water. But he has no root, what should he do? The little tree woke up from her dream. \"Oh, okay, my roots are still in the soil!\" It happened that it was raining, and the little tree drank the underground water with the roots \"coo-coo\". How sweet the water is, enough for the little tree. The little tree has no root and runs and jumps happily."}, {"nb": 93, "data": "Doudou's bad habit Doudou always likes to lick things. He said he wants to taste the taste of things. His mother told him that it was unhygienic and he didn't listen. He often grabbed toys and licked them. He often said, \"People said, don't do it clean, and they didn't get sick when they ate.\" Mother couldn't do anything about him. The bacteria on the plastic elephant was licked into the stomach by Doudou. My stomach hurts! Doudou was rolling with pain. When she saw it, she hurried him to the hospital. The doctor said, \"Little Doudou, you will get sick if you lick things up. Now you have to get an injection and medicine!\" Little Doudou nodded silently. Since then, Doudou can no longer lick toys. Not only does he not lick things up, he also develops a good habit of washing his hands and changing his clothes frequently. Now that everyone has met Doudou, they all boast that he is a good child who loves cleanliness. His mother told him that it was unhygienic and he didn't listen. He often grabbed toys and licked them."}, {"nb": 94, "data": "My daddy My daddy is tall and big, with white skin, thick arms and legs, and a big belly, very strong. Dad likes to laugh. When he smiles, he looks like a child and looks very cute. Dad always says that his hair is getting less and less, but I don't think it's getting much less. It's still the same as before. Dad likes to laugh like a child. Both mother and I love father very much. When Dad's shoulder hurts, my mother and I often massage my dad. When Dad comes home late from work, I rush to help mom to cook hot meals for Dad, and Dad smiles and praises me: \"Good boy!\" And mom often massage dad;"}, {"nb": 95, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan."}, {"nb": 96, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken."}, {"nb": 97, "data": "Many insects in nature's sanitation workers look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly, they still work silently. When you find a dead mouse by the road, when you approach it, you will see many ants, beetles and flies gathered on it. Goosebumps will definitely be on your body, and run away with your nose covered. Don't you think these insects are dirty and scary and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These busy insects are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are nature's hardworking sanitation workers. The fact is not what you think. These busy insects are doing cleaning work for this world."}, {"nb": 98, "data": "Little Monkey makes a call A little monkey has a phone installed in his house. He thinks: It's so convenient to invite friends to be a guest at home now. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. Dial the white rabbit's phone number first, and said, \"Hey, is it a three-flap mouth?\" Little White Rabbit was angry with him. He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat piggyball house?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the monkey: \"It 's too impolite for you to call. You don't know how to respect others. How can others come to be a guest?\" Hearing, he lowered his head in shame. He picked up the phone on the desk and started dialing. First dial the phone number of the little white rabbit's family. After being connected, he said, \"Hey, is this the family with three flaps?\""}, {"nb": 99, "data": "Gift The earth's favorite person is its mother. Who is the earth's mother? It is the sun. Once, Earth suddenly missed Mother Sun, and it thought, \"Mother Sun is so kind to me. From the time I was born to now, it has cared for me so much. I should give a gift to Mother Sun!\" But what? How about it? The earth thought for a long time and couldn't think of the results. In the end, it decided to ask Uncle Feng, because Uncle Feng has been to all over the world and has the widest knowledge. He will definitely help it solve this problem. The earth thought for a long time and couldn't think of the results."}, {"nb": 100, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! \"Who knocked on the window?"}, {"nb": 101, "data": "Several kinds of animals in the zoo are playing seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The squirrel cannot raise the sika. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot raise the red panda. The baby squirrel plays with the baby monkey. The baby squirrel cannot lift the baby monkey up. The sika deer and the red panda play together, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the most important? The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot raise the red panda."}, {"nb": 102, "data": "Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China. As a child, Yan Zhenqing was diligent and eager to learn, and preferred calligraphy. Because his family was poor and could not afford paper and pens, he practiced writing on the wall and on the ground with loess and branches. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy. Yan Zhenqing's teacher told him: \"What is the\" knowledge \"to learn calligraphy is hard work. Remember, people who don't work hard will never achieve anything.\" Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, old Honestly and earnestly work hard in accordance with the teacher's request. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot."}, {"nb": 103, "data": "Spring rain The rustling spring rain, like thousands of silk threads, floats down ... The swallows passing by the rain, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves, and the red ones are peach flowers. A clear river was also woven, and the fish in the river shook their tails cheerfully. Under the hillside across the river, there are sowing farmers; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture! The swallows shuttled under the rain, weaving a beautiful picture of spring."}, {"nb": 104, "data": "I go home and take off my shoes. My sister went home and took off her shoes. Brother and father went home and took off their shoes. Shoes of all sizes are nestled together by a family, talking about what they have learned all day. Big and small shoes are like big and small boats. Return to the quiet harbor and enjoy the warmth of your home. Brother and father went home and took off their shoes."}, {"nb": 105, "data": "An unskilled bunny mother has four children. One day, she assigned an assignment to her four children, gave each child a piece of paper, and asked them to use their own brains to use this paper to do a meaningful thing. Xiao gray got a writing brush to write on the paper. Xiao Qing was behind him, thinking: I don't know how to write, but to do something else. Xiao Hong kneels on the ground and draws on paper. Xiaoqing looked at it and thought: I can't paint well, let's do something else. Xiao Hei has folded a paper into a bird. Xiaoqing looked at it and thought: I still can't break it, there is nothing I can do. As a result, Xiao Qingdong took a look, looked at the west, and waited for her mother to check, but nothing was done ... One day, she assigned an assignment to her four children, and gave each child a piece of paper. Ask them to think for themselves and use this paper to do something meaningful."}, {"nb": 106, "data": "Once upon a time, there were two generals. They went to buy a shield together. The shield man picked up a shield and showed them. The general standing on the left of the shield looked at it and said, \"This gold shield is very good!\" The general standing on the right said, \"You're wrong, this is a silver shield.\" The two generals argued like this. The shield man said, \"This shield is gold on one side and silver on the other. How can you look at only one side?\" The general standing on the right said, \"You are wrong, this is a silver shield.\""}, {"nb": 107, "data": "Girl and mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a flower skirt and pigtails, facing the big mirror and asking, \"What am I like?\" On the willow outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Alas, his face looks like a flower! \"Xiaohua laughed. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow stepped in and said, \"Well, his face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard and cried. Mom saw her and said with a smile, \"Stupid boy, don't like to listen to the good news of magpies, don't be afraid to listen to the bad news of crows. To know how you look like, you should ask the mirror, and tell it the truth.\" The girl and the mirror A girl named Xiaohua, wearing a floral skirt and pigtails, looked at the big mirror and asked, \"What am I like?"}, {"nb": 108, "data": "Dandelion In the spring, a dandelion grows under the window of the Lele family. Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele Yellow flowers bloomed under the dandelion under the house window. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are beautiful, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will be very painful. When you get the result, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, The dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\" Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in."}, {"nb": 109, "data": "Why do you need to paint lime on the trunk? We often see that the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on the road are painted white. This white substance is lime water. This white coating has a lot to offer! First of all, this concentration of lime water can not only destroy the pests and diseases, but also kill all kinds of overwintering eggs. Secondly, this white coating prevents frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in the early spring before winter. The trunk is susceptible to expansion and cracking when frozen. The white coating can reflect part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, and the effect of the temperature difference on the trees is reduced. Thirdly, the white coating of the trunks not only has the effect of beautifying the environment, but also prevents the animals from eating on the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees. Secondly, this white coating prevents frostbite of trees."}, {"nb": 110, "data": "Selling a wok Mr. Xiong is carrying a big wok. From a distance, it looks like he is carrying a turtle shell. Mr. Xiong came to the village and called for a sale: \"Sell iron pots, sell iron pots!\" Grandma Hippo saw it, and was very happy: \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just have a few big iron pots!\" The iron wok was sold to Grandma Hippo, and called again, \"Sell iron wok, sell iron wok!\" It turned out that there was a medium-sized iron wok behind Mr. Xiong. Aunt Grey Rabbit ran and happily cried, \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just miss one such wok!\" Mrs Grey Rabbit bought the medium-sized wok, and Mr. Xiong cried again: \"Selling iron Pots sell iron pots! \"It turned out that Mr. Xiong still had a very small iron pot behind his back. Sister Beatles saw it and shouted happily, \"Sell it to me, sell me, I just happen to have such a small wok!\" Mr. Xiong sold the last little wok and went home happily. . In the village, grandma hippopotamus, aunt grey rabbit and sister beetle all use the newly bought iron wok to cook. Thick smoke came from the chimney of Grandma Hippo's big house; medium smoke from the chimney of Aunt Grey Rabbit's medium house; thin smoke came from the chimney of Little Beetle's house. A rosy glow in Yuantian reflects this peaceful animal village. It is so beautiful! It turned out that there was a medium-sized iron wok behind Mr. Xiong."}, {"nb": 111, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question."}, {"nb": 112, "data": "Sun flower I like the sun flower. It is one of the most common flowers in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender and it seems that water will come out with a stab in the hand. Sunflower leaves are very special. They are small and thick. The surface of the leaves looks like a thin layer of wax, which is smooth and green. The color of the sun flower is particularly bright, some are white as jade, some bright red as fire, and some golden as gold, and the pink is like a layer of faint rouge, the flowers are not large, and the multi-layered petals are naturally delicate The single-layered petals are so pretty, they are really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because it is bright in color, but also because it has tenacious vitality. It is not afraid of the sun, wind and rain, so it always flourishes, just insert a small stem, insert In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom. Sun flower I like the sun flower. It is one of the most common flowers in summer."}, {"nb": 113, "data": "The rain of March is like countless little hands, hitting the keys of the leaves, playing a song of spring. The rain is like silver wire that is inexhaustible, and it is like ox hair, which makes the whole earth moist, and it leaps and licks like a musical movement. The rain is like silver wire that is inexhaustible, and it is like ox hair, which makes the whole earth moist, and it leaps and licks like a musical movement."}, {"nb": 114, "data": "what ! The sunset is so beautiful, it looks like a steed in Mercedes-Benz, roars like a lion, and blooms like flowers for a while ... I look at it, my body feels fluttering, as if I have become a piece of sunset. After a while a ray of light came in, and the evening glow shone brilliantly. I opened my eyes slightly. Seven colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple suddenly appeared in front of my eyes. It seemed that my body was wrapped in color. I looked and looked, my body felt light and fluttering, as if I had become a sunset."}, {"nb": 115, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a little ant who wanted to cross the river, but there was no bridge or boat. What should I do? It thought about it and finally came up with a good way. One day, the little ant came to the river, climbed under a big tree not far from the river, and saw the leaves on the tree were very big. He thought, \"How can I get the leaves down?\" At this moment, a squirrel shouted on the tree: \"Little ant, what are you standing under the tree?\" The ant hurriedly looked up, and it turned out to be a squirrel. It was so happy that he yelled, \"Brother Squirrel, can you pick a leaf for me?\" The squirrel was willing to help others, so she picked a large, thick leaf and threw it away. The little ant said happily, \"Thank you, Brother Squirrel.\" The little ant dragged this large and thick leaf, and it took the power of nine tigers and two tigers to drag the leaf to the river. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and took himself on a boat made of leaves as if he was swinging slowly. That day happened to be a good wind, and after a while, the boat swayed across the river. In this way, the little ant crossed the river in peace. The little ant was willing to use his brain and was praised by the little friends. That day happened to be a good wind, and after a while, the boat swayed across the river."}, {"nb": 116, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, the tomato leaves can't be eaten, you have to eat its fruits.\" The bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so happy to learn so much today!\" \"They went into the cabbage field, Mother Bear pulled up a cabbage."}, {"nb": 117, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree."}, {"nb": 118, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth."}, {"nb": 119, "data": "The first birthday cake is lamb 's birthday on June 1st, and many small animals come to congratulate her. Little rabbits give grass, calves give milk, little monkeys give peaches, and hens give eggs. Everyone sing together and wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candles and cut the first birthday cake. The calf thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show her a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, give it to her. The little rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, just give her a play. However, Lamb gave the mother the first piece of cake that she cut off, and she said, \"Without mother, there would be no me. My birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends applauded, everyone said, \"We have On the birthday, give the mother the first piece of cake. \"Let's sing together and wish Happy Lamb a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 120, "data": "Proud \"8\" In the digital kingdom, \"8.0\" is the one who loves to brag about himself. This is not, it says again: \"Now people are saying '888'-'Fafafa'. Someone even moved to get the '8' phone number ...\" 8 \"is spitting At that time, \"4\" came to persuade it: \"'8' brother, save some energy to help people calculate formulas! \"Hearing here,\" 8 \"was blowing his beard and staring again:\" The bold \u20184\u2019 dare to speak to me like this. \u201d You and \u20182\u2019 together are \u2018dead\u2019! Being with \u20187\u2019 is \u2018dead wife\u2019! In short, none of the figures with you can lead a good life! \"4\" was annoyed by \"8\" and said aloud, \"You crazy\u2018 8 \u2019, in the country of music, people sing\u2018 fafafa \u2019when you see me, and what about you? You can't even rank in the music country! \"\" 8 \"Angrily gritted his teeth, but he was speechless, and had to squeeze a sentence out of his teeth:\" I don't have general knowledge with you! \" \"Then they walked away. The proud\" 8 \"in the digital kingdom,\" 8.0 \"is the one who loves to brag about himself."}, {"nb": 121, "data": "Naughty colorful light The sun-grandfather has seven naughty light babies. Their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. Colorful light babies drilled in the clouds and dyed the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. Enough they had played in the sky, they slipped secretly to the ground to play, they slipped onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face became golden golden. They came to the orchard again and clothed oranges. They ran on the grass and rolled, and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, and jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful baby has taken a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asks that they are coming in cyan, and they have become a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful baby came to the vegetable garden, the father-in-law of the sun called them home. Tomatoes and eggplants are in a hurry: \"Leave us beautiful colors!\" The colorful baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the colorful baby heard the father-in-law of the sun shouting again, he hurried to the sky, and there was a colorful glow in the place where they ran. \"The colorful baby kissed tomatoes and eggplants. The tomatoes had a red color, and the eggplants had a purple color."}, {"nb": 122, "data": "There is a beautiful, clean and clear creek in Lucky Creek Park. Every day, tourists are attracted by the beauty of the river. However, people are less and less caring about the environment. They always throw rubbish into innocent rivers, making the rivers a home for garbage. Xiaohe felt that he was getting more and more stinky. Few people were willing to pass there, even if someone passed by, he was covering his nose. Later, after everyone's efforts, Xiaohe restored her original appearance. The river laughed again, the fish swam even more joyfully, and the tourists increased. However, people are less and less caring about the environment. They always throw rubbish into innocent rivers, making the rivers a home for garbage."}, {"nb": 123, "data": "Three monks have said that in ancient times, a lively and clever young monk came to a temple on the mountain. At the beginning, he diligently picked water. Not only was he enough to drink, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the Bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle were alive. Soon a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk over the issue of drinking water and picking up water. No one was willing to suffer, so the two discussed to lift water together. Later, another fat monk came. All three monks want to drink water, but they are not willing to pick more water. Within two days the tank had bottomed out. The willow branches in the clear bottle also began to wither due to lack of water. One night, while the three monks were snoring, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the little temple caught fire. During the crisis, three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly put out. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again. The three monks cheerfully held large bowls to drink water, and the willow branches in the net bottle were restored to life. The willow branches in the clear bottle also began to wither due to lack of water."}, {"nb": 124, "data": "Oranges Today, Dad bought a basket of oranges from the fruit store. I took one and took a closer look. Oranges are oblate and the size of my fist. The skin is orange. It has a skin, but it looks like a small lantern from a distance. Peeling the orange peel, a peculiar fragrance of oranges comes out. The orange skin is white, like the orange gauze covered with orange petals. The orange petals are crescent-shaped, like a crooked moon, and many orange petals sit together around several good brothers. Put a flap into your mouth, the juice overflows, nourishes the throat, flows into the belly, and sweetens the heart, making people eat more and more. Oranges Today, Dad bought a basket of oranges from the fruit store. I took one and took a closer look."}, {"nb": 125, "data": "Trees that don't deciduous The cold wind blows, and the yellow leaves drive down the cold wind gently. But pine trees and holly are very beautiful in green clothes all year round. Why is this? It turns out that the leaves of pine trees are coniferous, like needles. Water does not slip away from the leaves. They are not afraid of water shortage, so they don't need fallen leaves. Holly 's leaves are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the water will not slip away, so they are not deciduous in winter. In fact, they are sometimes falling leaves, and only careless children say they can't drop leaves. After they have dropped their leaves, new leaves will continue to grow. Holly 's leaves are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the water will not slip away, so they are not deciduous in winter."}, {"nb": 126, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked Lao Niu for comment. The Lao Niu said, \"You two only see your strengths and you don't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. Camel said,\" High is better than short."}, {"nb": 127, "data": "The spring of willows is here, and shoots burst from the branches of the willows, which flutter in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together. When Xiaojun saw that the wicker was very beautiful, he folded it and played with it. At this moment, Xiaofang saw hurriedly and said, \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated hard by the gardener Berber, and are for everyone to appreciate. We must love it and cannot damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with shame: \"I will never pick flowers again and again.\" Xiaojun said shamefully after hearing, \"I will never pick flowers again and again.\""}, {"nb": 128, "data": "The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is really good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me, \"This is a phalaenopsis.\" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said,\" This flower is very strange, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I take a closer look. The petals of this flower are half purple and the other half It's white, blown by the wind, like a flying butterfly, it's amazing! The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is so good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\""}, {"nb": 129, "data": "Interesting dinosaurs 65 million years ago, there were many reptiles on the earth, including dinosaurs. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong. Some dinosaurs are very large, larger than a dozen elephants together; some are very small, about the same as a chicken. Some dinosaurs fly, we call them pterosaurs; some dinosaurs live in water, we call ichthyosaurs; some dinosaurs are like cows, horses, eat only leaves and grasses, that is herbivorous dinosaurs; Some dinosaurs, like tigers and lions, specialize in preying on other animals. We call them carnivorous dinosaurs. There are hundreds of types of dinosaurs, and they look strange. There are hundreds of types of dinosaurs, and they look strange."}, {"nb": 130, "data": "Fifi, the little rabbit, has a pair of long ears. Two big teeth in the three-flap mouth are exposed. A few long beards shake and shake. In addition, it is wearing a gray long-haired coat. It's a favorite! It also has four very strong legs that have shown all the limelight at the forest games. One day, Feifei went out to play and saw the kitten \u2019s eyes like emeralds. When he came home, he asked his mother, \u201cMom, mom, why are my eyes red? Look, the kitten \u2019s eyes are green and beautiful. But I ... \"My mother smiled and said,\" You do n\u2019t understand. We have no pigments in our bodies, only blood, so the eyes are red. In fact, your eyes look pretty! \"\" Oh, I know My eyes are red, not a disease, but a normal physiological phenomenon! \"Fifi said happily. One day, Fifi went out to play and saw the kitten's eyes like emeralds. When she came home, she asked her mother, \"Mom, mom, why are my eyes red?\""}, {"nb": 131, "data": "My favorite vegetable is cucumber. Cucumbers come in different shapes, some like the moon at the beginning of the month, some like a curved banana, some like a small grenade, and some like a shiny silver sickle. They are also different in size, some are fat and bulging, some are long and thin, and some are not fat or thin. My favorite vegetable is cucumber."}, {"nb": 132, "data": "The piglet is going to the market. The piglet is going to elementary school. The pig mother promised the piglet to buy a beautiful feather and make it a quill. Little pigs wait, wait, wait, finally wait until Friday-Forest Fair Day. The little pig followed the mother pig to the bazaar. It was so lively here! Aunt Niu's stall was filled with milk, yogurt, orange juice ... Sister Squirrel's stall was filled with almonds, walnuts, hazelnuts ... Brother Monkey's stall was filled with peaches, bananas, and pears ... Piggy looked at the big market The variety of goods in it is worrying. Who should I look for to buy beautiful feathers? Aunt Niu's stall was filled with milk, yogurt, orange juice ... Sister Squirrel's stall was filled with almonds, walnuts, hazelnuts ... Brother Monkey's stall was filled with peaches, bananas, and pears ... Piggy looked at the big market The variety of goods in it is worrying. Who should I look for to buy beautiful feathers?"}, {"nb": 133, "data": "Xiaoming, a naughty child, is a very naughty boy. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you want to receive?\" The mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and said, smiling: \"Mom don't have any gifts, just hope that there is a good child who is sensible and clean!\" Xiao Ming looked at himself, his cuffs and placket were covered with mud. Xiaoming suddenly understood her mother's meaning, lowered her head and blushed and said, \"Mom, I won't play mud anymore. I want to be a good-looking boy!\" After that, Xiaoming will be covered with mud. After changing it, I put on clean clothes and ran out happily. Mom watched Xiao Ming ran out and smiled reassuringly. After talking about it, Xiao Ming changed his muddy clothes and put on a clean one, and ran out happily."}, {"nb": 134, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket and prepared for winter. It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"It \u2019s cold, father of the sycamore tree, why do n\u2019t you grow more leaves, but you shed the leaves, and your whole body is bare. Are you afraid of cold in winter The sycamore tree laughed and said, \"Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter!\" The little squirrel asked in surprise: \"So, the leaves grow because they are afraid of heat?\" \"No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, it's very important! \"\" So ... \"The little squirrel didn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again and again: \"Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit moisture, the autumn is dry, and the roots drink less water. When the leaves are emitted, we will die if we lack water, and the leaves are dropped to keep the water. I can better winter. \"\" No, spring and summer leaves help me grow taller. It's very important!"}, {"nb": 135, "data": "The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby. They keep quarreling all day long. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house. They were afraid of the other side eating too much, so they kept quarreling. When a fox came, it said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divided the bread into big and small, and fat and chubby said, \"It's not fair.\" The fox said, \"It's not easy. The fox took a big bite, and the big became small. Fatty and chubby still felt unfair, and the fox took a bite again. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating. Only then did the brothers realize that they were deceived by the sly fox and regretted it. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox."}, {"nb": 136, "data": "Kiwis In the autumn season, kiwis are full of branches, which make people mouth watering. The shape of the kiwi is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots, and the fine fluff is soft and soft to touch. Gently peel off its skin to reveal the jasper-like flesh inside. The texture is like a folding fan that is opened, and it looks like a bow that is pulled up one by one, and it is covered with \"small sesame seeds\". Try it, it tastes sweet and refreshing. Kiwi is not only delicious, but also has high medicinal and nutritional value. It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer! It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer!"}, {"nb": 137, "data": "Summer night is so beautiful. Summer night is quiet in the park. As soon as the water lily closed her eyes in the pool, she was awakened by the weeping cry. She opened her eyes and saw that an ant was lying on a waterweed. The water lily asked: \"What's the matter with you, little ant?\" The little ant said, \"I accidentally fell into the pond and couldn't get on the shore!\" \"Come up!\" The water lily bent down and let him climb up. The little ant was very grateful, and said, \"Thank you, Aunt Water Lily.\" Go home. Otherwise, mom and dad will be anxious. \"Their words were heard by the dragonfly resting on the water lily leaf. He asked: \"Girl Water Lily, is there anything wrong?\" \"The little ant wants to go home, but I can't send him.\" The dragonfly said, \"Let me come and send the little ant!\" Can you do that? \"At this moment, a firefly came and said,\" I'll light up for you. \"The little ant climbed up the\" airplane \"and the dragonfly took off. The firefly lit a little lantern in the front. The dragonfly flew, flew over the green rockery, flew over the green lawn, flew to a flowerbed, and the little ant arrived home. When the stars saw it, they blinked happily. Ah, what a beautiful summer night! \"Waterlily stooped and let him climb up."}, {"nb": 138, "data": "Three monks have said that in ancient times, a lively and clever young monk came to a temple on the mountain. At the beginning, he diligently picked water. Not only was he enough to drink, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the Bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle were alive. Soon a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk over the issue of drinking water and picking up water. No one was willing to suffer, so the two discussed to lift water together. Later, another fat monk came. All three monks want to drink water, but they are not willing to pick more water. Within two days the tank had bottomed out. The willow branches in the clear bottle also began to wither due to lack of water. One night, while the three monks were snoring, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the little temple caught fire. During the crisis, three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly put out. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again. The three monks cheerfully held large bowls to drink water, and the willow branches in the net bottle were restored to life. The willow branches in the clear bottle also began to wither due to lack of water."}, {"nb": 139, "data": "I saw the woodpecker on Saturday and Sunday. My father and mother took me to the Shanghai Botanical Garden to visit the newly completed \"Tropical Botanical Museum\". It was noon after visiting the \"Orchid Garden\" and \"Bonsai Garden\". We found a towering tree. Under the shade, my father and mother laid plastic sheets. We sat on the floor and prepared for a picnic. Soon, there was a \"Tuk Tuk\" sound like a knocking wooden fish. I didn't take it seriously at first, but with the sound came a sliver of wood dust, sprinkled on our jam like pepper, and I thought someone was joking with us. I was wondering, the sound of \"Tuk Tuk\" was getting closer and closer, and then I listened carefully, the sound came from above our heads. When I looked up and looked up, I was overjoyed. A woodpecker was pecking hard at the hole. Soon after, a large bug was hooked. After I saw it, it spread its wings and flew away. This trip to the botanical garden was so happy, I saw a woodpecker. When I looked up and looked up, I was overjoyed. A woodpecker was pecking hard at the hole. Soon after, a large bug was hooked. After I saw it, it spread its wings and flew away."}, {"nb": 140, "data": "In my painting classroom there is a \"small grass green\" garden. This is the poster for our class. The teacher said that the pictures and diaries in the posters were like small grasses, and they would thrive. I drew pictures for our posters and added a little green to \"Little Grass Green\". When I paint the sun, flowers and trees cannot be separated from the sun, so that the grass here grows more lush. I draw the woods again. The woods can block the wind and sand, and the air will become fresher. I will draw a modern garbage cleaning station to clean up the garbage and create a more beautiful environment. Do you say that I paint these paintings beautifully? When I paint the sun, flowers and trees cannot be separated from the sun, so that the grass here grows more lush."}, {"nb": 141, "data": "As soon as she entered the house, Chen Yi came to her mother's bed, took her hand, and carefully asked about her condition. He saw that his mother hadn't washed the clothes yet, so he brought in a basin of water, and while he was washing the clothes, he talked with his mother about the housework. He saw that his mother hadn't washed the clothes yet, so he brought in a basin of water, and while he was washing the clothes, he talked with his mother about the housework."}, {"nb": 142, "data": "A self-righteous \"smart man\" hurried on a donkey with a bag on his shoulders. Others asked, \"Why don't you put your bag on the donkey's back?\" The donkey rider looked at the interlocutor and said, \"How can I be so stupid? The donkey is holding me up. On it, do n\u2019t you crush the donkey? \u201dA self-righteous\u201c smart guy \u201dhurried on the donkey, carrying a bag on his shoulders."}, {"nb": 143, "data": "The look of the small tropical fish is pretty. It is triangular in shape, golden in color, and has black streaks. The tail is black and a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head, a pointed mouth, and small bubbles in the mouth. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth! The tail is black. A triangle."}, {"nb": 144, "data": "Speaking of hygiene, right to right, the trunk, open mouth, standing on the side of the road, who is it calling? Hey Hey hey ! Who is that ? Don't throw the peel all over! The little sister, when she heard it, picked up the peel and threw it into the box. Children, when it comes to hygiene, change when you know what is wrong, right or right. Don't throw the peel all over!"}, {"nb": 145, "data": "The little sun is sick, and I accompany the sun, and the sun is warm. I turned my magic into a maggot, and a small orange turned into a round orange. \"Oh, oh, I peeled the oranges and we ate them. You have one petal, I have one petal; you have one petal, I have one petal.\" After eating the oranges, I said, \"The little sun is gone!\" Hold me, kiss my red face, and say to me, \"This is my little sun!\" \"Oh, oh, I peel off the orange Let's eat."}, {"nb": 146, "data": "Brave and clever A little squirrel and three little kangaroos are playing under a fruit tree. The mother kangaroo is watching them not far away. Suddenly, a wicked wolf got out of the woods. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time. The evil wolf drooled and swooped at it. \"Oh!\" Something hit the head of the old wolf, and the evil wolf opened his mouth wide and looked up. \"Oh!\" Another thing caught his throat, the wolf was frightened, thinking it was the hunter's bullet, and ran away with his tail in his hands. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is brave!\" The little kangaroo said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so smart!\" After hearing this, the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree."}, {"nb": 147, "data": "Little babies like to watch the window because the window always changes color. When the window turns blue, mother says, it is a blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, Mom said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, Mom said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and strewn with small silver stones, Mom said, it was night. Little babies like to watch the window because the window always changes color. When the window turns blue, mother says, it is a blue sky in the distance."}, {"nb": 148, "data": "How beautiful the world is. The hen squatted and hatched her chicks, squatting for many days. The chick in the eggshell was asleep first, but then it woke up and saw the yellow surrounding. The chick thought: The whole world is yellow! The chick pecked the eggshell with a small pointed beak. It pecked and pecked for a long time before it pecked out a small hole. It saw that the sky was blue and blue, the trees were green, the river was clear and clear ... the world is so beautiful! The chick is happy. As soon as it propped up with its wings, it broke the eggshell. It screamed stupidly and stood up slowly. Alas, alas, the chick was saying, \"How beautiful is the world-Lan Zhanzhan, Green, Bichengcheng ... The chick in the eggshell fell asleep first, then it woke up, and saw Yellow all around."}, {"nb": 149, "data": "Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true. But without me, you are not.\" Hong didn't believe it, but she was even more proud. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately."}, {"nb": 150, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, one end bears bitter gourd and the other end bears melon. Bitter melon said softly, \"Sister melon, you are very sweet, and I'm bitter. People will like you more, don't like me.\" Melon said, \"No, sister Bitter melon. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I am a fruit. I can quench my thirst when we eat it. We all have our strengths. \"The bitter gourd was very happy to hear that they became best friends. On the sturdy bamboo stand, one end bears bitter gourd and the other end bears melon."}, {"nb": 151, "data": "Brain writer Mark Twain received a letter from a young student who was just beginning to write. The writer is very interested in this question: \"I heard that fish bones contain a lot of phosphorus, and phosphorus helps fill the brain. So to become a world-renowned writer, you must eat a lot of fish. I wonder if this statement is true? \"He asked again,\" Did you also eat a lot of fish, which kind of fish? \"Mark Twain wrote back,\" It seems you have to eat a pair of whales Only then. \"He asked,\" Did you also eat a lot of fish, what kind of fish did you eat? \""}, {"nb": 152, "data": "Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain. One day, he shouted down the mountain, \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" When people ran up the mountain to rescue him, he smiled and said, \"Without a wolf, I lied to you!\" Lied people again. On this day, the wolf really came. The sheep-raising child shouted in shock: \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" But no one came to save him. As a result, the wolf killed several sheep. Since then, he never lied again. Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain."}, {"nb": 153, "data": "The dog doctor asked the monkey lab technician to give the animal a blood test. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all are here. The monkey lab technicians took their blood and put them in glass tubes. The test results came out, but Dr. Flower Dog found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey lab technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey was crying anxiously. The flower dog said, \"Don't worry, the turquoise is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the cyan is the blood of the shrimp, and the rose red is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened and wrote carefully on the glass tube. The name, and said, \"In the future, I must be serious.\" The test results came out, but Dr. Flower Dog found that there was no name on the glass tube."}, {"nb": 154, "data": "There is a nest of ants under the sycamore tree in front of my house. The ants worked hard all day, and no one was lazy. They are also very united. When they meet, they shake their tentacles and say hello. I like them very much and sometimes catch them to eat them. The ants worked hard all day, and no one was lazy."}, {"nb": 155, "data": "Mr. Ma Hu Once upon a time, there was a painter. One day, he had just painted a tiger's head, and a friend came to ask him to paint a horse. He added a horse body to the tiger's head painting, and the friend stopped the painting. The painter hung the painting on the wall of his own home. From then on, people called him \"sloppy painter\". One day, his eldest son went out hunting, saw a horse, thought it was a tiger, and shot the horse with an arrow, but was beaten; the younger son saw a tiger in the wild, and thought it was a horse, and wanted to ride It was eaten by the tiger. Mr. Sloppy cried a lot, and determined that he would take things seriously in the future and stop being sloppy. One day, his eldest son went out hunting, saw a horse, thought it was a tiger, and shot the horse dead with an arrow."}, {"nb": 156, "data": "The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came to the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you,\" said the crow. The fox pretended not to say, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said, \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said, \"I'm not afraid of you, I Afraid of the dog running. \"The fox ran away when he heard the dog. \"As soon as the fox heard the dog, it fled."}, {"nb": 157, "data": "The kite flew up into the sky and was very happy. He proudly said to the little swallow: \"Look, I also fly to the sky. I fly higher than you! The little swallow patted his wings and said,\" Did you fly up by yourself? \" \"The kite shook his head and said,\" No, it was Uncle Feng who sent me to the sky. \" \"After that, the kite flew away in embarrassment.\" The kite shook its head and said, \"No, it was Uncle Feng who sent me to the sky.\""}, {"nb": 158, "data": "Yue Fei Xue wrote Yue Fei was very poor when he was a child. He wants to learn to write, but has no money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it. He said to his mother, \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said, \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he has used branches to learn to write on the sand every day. \"Since then, he uses branches to write in the sand every day."}, {"nb": 159, "data": "Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower? This is a very beautiful little flower, with thin petals, pink and pink. It is very bright. And the leaves are thin, like a package of green juice, tender. In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily. The sun gets brighter as the sun shines. With its face on its back, it seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look.\" In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and slept quietly. Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ... colorful sunflowers bloom, then they look good! With his face on his back, he seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look."}, {"nb": 160, "data": "Whose tail is long? Whose tail is short? Whose tail looks like an umbrella? The monkey's tail is long. The rabbit has a short tail. The squirrel's tail looks like an umbrella. The squirrel's tail looks like an umbrella."}, {"nb": 161, "data": "Plants also need to sleep Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also need to sleep. Red clover in the sunshine, three petit leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing energetic; at night, the three petit leaves were closed together, as if closing their eyes. In the bright sunny day, the leaves stretched out, looking happy and joyful. Night fell, and the leaves were paired together, and they slept beautifully. Water lilies, when they arrived in the early morning of a day, slowly opened their petals to reveal a charming smile. In the setting sun, the water lilies gradually closed their petals and entered their dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent frost, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep. In the bright sunny day, the leaves stretched out, looking happy and joyful. Night fell, and the leaves were paired together, and they slept beautifully."}, {"nb": 162, "data": "It doesn't matter if there is no electric light in the lantern. I have a lantern. If you come during the day, it 's just a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it is a small green light. The glass bottle contained grass and a firefly. If you come during the day, it 's just a glass bottle."}, {"nb": 163, "data": "Sister Moon's new companion, Moon Sister, followed Mother Earth, spinning around day and night. Once, they turned to the side of the galaxy and suddenly found a new partner around them. Sister Moon asked: \"Who are you? Why fly to heaven?\" \"I'm a satellite, Mother Earth sent me to heaven. I can help humans broadcast TV news, I will scout planes, warships, I will report typhoon news, I will look for oil, coal ... \"After speaking with the satellite, Sister Moon smiled and said,\" Welcome! Now I have not only the space shuttle, the spaceship as a companion, but also a new partner sent by Mother Earth. \" After the satellite said, Sister Moon smiled and said, \"Welcome you!"}, {"nb": 164, "data": "What is a raindrop? What is a raindrop? Musician. Rustling, it is chorus in the woods. Ding Dong Ding Dong, it plays the piano in a bucket. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, is the raindrop blowing on the house's trumpet ... What is the raindrop? Painter. When it falls into the water, it is a beautiful circle. When it fell to the ground, it drew small splashes of water. When it falls on the wall, it draws rivers ... ticking ticking, it is the raindrops blowing on the house ..."}, {"nb": 165, "data": "The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is really good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me, \"This is a phalaenopsis.\" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said,\" This flower is very strange, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I take a closer look. The petals of this flower are half purple and the other half It's white, blown by the wind, like a flying butterfly, it's amazing! \"Dad told me:\" This is Phalaenopsis."}, {"nb": 166, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket and prepared for winter. It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"It \u2019s cold, father of the sycamore tree, why do n\u2019t you grow more leaves, but you shed the leaves, and your whole body is bare. Are you afraid of cold in winter The sycamore tree laughed and said, \"Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter!\" The little squirrel asked in surprise: \"So, the leaves grow because they are afraid of heat?\" \"No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, it's very important! \"\" So ... \"The little squirrel didn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again and again: \"Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit moisture, the autumn is dry, and the roots drink less water. When the leaves are emitted, we will die if we lack water, and the leaves are dropped to keep the water. I can better winter. \"The Indus tree laughed and said,\" Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter! \""}, {"nb": 167, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp."}, {"nb": 168, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants."}, {"nb": 169, "data": "In the village of hens and golden eggs, there was a greedy and lazy couple. They have a magical hen who actually lays a golden egg every day. Relying on these golden eggs, the couple's life is very good, but they do not cherish the good life now, they are becoming more and more lazy. They were so greedy that they thought that since the hens would lay golden eggs, there would surely be more gold in their bodies. They want to make a fortune immediately. So they killed the hen. But the belly of a hen is just like an ordinary chicken, and it has no gold. Now the couple are dumbfounded. Since then, they will no longer have golden eggs to sustain their lives. Soon, the unwilling husband and wife starved to death at home. Soon, the unwilling husband and wife starved to death at home."}, {"nb": 170, "data": "Tree Doctor People say that the woodpecker is a hardworking tree doctor. The woodpecker's mouth is sharp and hard, like a chisel. The tongue is thin and long, and the tongue has hooks. The woodpecker found that there were pests under the bark, so he pecked the bark first, then stuck out his tongue with hooks, strung the pests one by one, and finally brought out the worms and eggs with saliva. Tree Doctor People say that the woodpecker is a hardworking tree doctor."}, {"nb": 171, "data": "Finding Horses in Washington There is a cute pony in Washington. One day, he took the pony out to play. When the pony saw a few mares, he broke his reins and ran into the house of John with the mares. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his. Washington thought about it, went to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\" John Zhiwu said, \"Left , Left eye. \"Washington shook his head. John hurriedly changed his mouth and said, \"Oh, it's the right eye.\" Washington put his hands down, and when John looked at it, both eyes of the pony were good. John bowed his head in shame. Washington took his pony happily home. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his."}, {"nb": 172, "data": "The little stream sang again.The little stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued on and on. People who walked by the stream praised her: \"How beautiful and beautiful the river is, and the singing is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped beside a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear and so beautiful, why run again? Let's rest!\" The stream stopped and didn't sing. Gradually, she became cloudy. The drizzle advised her: \"Small stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After listening to the drizzle, the stream passed around the big bluestone and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds are reflected in the stream again. The drizzle advised her: \"Small streams, keep going!"}, {"nb": 173, "data": "The monkey saw her mother read and write with glasses, and her grandmother wore glasses to mend clothes. It asked what made sense. Mom and grandma replied, \"You can see clearly with glasses.\" One day, the monkey put on his mother's glasses, Yo! Blurred; then put on grandma's glasses, dizzy, and almost fell. It said angrily: \"Mom and grandma lied to me!\" The mother monkey knew it and explained to the little monkey: \"Grandma is old and wears reading glasses; Mom wears myopia glasses.\" This is often the case and it is suitable for others The things that are not right for you. It said angrily, \"Mom and grandma lied to me!"}, {"nb": 174, "data": "The walking moon Xiaoyanyan likes to go to her grandmother's house. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path. Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did the moon follow us to grandma's house?\" The mother said, \"The moon loves Xiaoyanyan. Wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon follows.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought \"Mom, let's go back.\" \"Why?\" Mom was surprised. \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ...\" Mom laughed. He said, \"Good boy, the moon loves your dad, too, and there is a moon on the dad's side.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused. She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\" She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\""}, {"nb": 175, "data": "Five sweet grapes Three little squirrels found on the vine the last bunch of grapes left over from summer. There are a total of 20 grapes in this bunch. The little squirrels did an arithmetic around the bunch of grapes: three of them, plus their mother, were four in total, divided into 20 grapes. \"Five per person!\" The little squirrels shouted with joy. A little squirrel came forward and took away five green grapes. He said, \"I have eaten sour grapes, and my mother can eat sweet grapes!\" Another little squirrel came forward and took five more grapes. Small grapes, he said, \"I eat small grapes, and my mother can eat big grapes!\" Another little squirrel came forward and took away five grapes that were a little broken. He said, \"I ate the broken grape Mothers can eat good grapes! \"In this way, three little squirrels gave their mothers the five most ripe, largest and best sweet grapes. It is a sweet grape with a bite of honey. The little squirrels did an arithmetic around the bunch of grapes: three of them, plus their mother, were four in total, divided into 20 grapes."}, {"nb": 176, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and so sweet ...\" The little monkey slipped out of the classroom and ran to the wild without listening. what ! The apples on the tree are red, so go pick a big mouthful and eat it, it's so sweet! When he saw that the peaches were big and red again, he went to pick them, and the peaches were sweet and thirsty. He thinks the teacher is right, the red fruits are all sweet. As he walked, he saw a patch of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like little lanterns, which made people love. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The hot little monkey was sweating. He desperately ran back to school and asked the teacher, \"Why isn't this red fruit sweet?\" The teacher said, \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished talking yet, why did you run away? The little monkey listened, and bowed his head in embarrassment. Since then, the little monkey has studied very hard and has become a good student. The hot little monkey was sweating, and he ran back to school desperately and asked the teacher, \"Why isn't this red fruit sweet?"}, {"nb": 177, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a little ant who wanted to cross the river, but there was no bridge or boat. What should I do? It thought about it and finally came up with a good way. One day, the little ant came to the river, climbed under a big tree not far from the river, and saw the leaves on the tree were very big. He thought, \"How can I get the leaves down?\" At this moment, a squirrel shouted on the tree: \"Little ant, what are you standing under the tree?\" The ant hurriedly looked up, and it turned out to be a squirrel. It was so happy that he yelled, \"Brother Squirrel, can you pick a leaf for me?\" The squirrel was willing to help others, so she picked a large, thick leaf and threw it away. The little ant said happily, \"Thank you, Brother Squirrel.\" The little ant dragged this large and thick leaf, and it took the power of nine tigers and two tigers to drag the leaf to the river. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and took himself on a boat made of leaves as if he was swinging slowly. That day happened to be a good wind, and after a while, the boat swayed across the river. In this way, the little ant crossed the river in peace. The little ant was willing to use his brain and was praised by the little friends. \"The squirrel was happy to help others, so it picked a big, thick leaf and threw it down."}, {"nb": 178, "data": "The earliest locomotive was a steam locomotive. Later, people put the internal combustion engine on the train to make a diesel locomotive. Later, electric power trains and maglev trains were invented. Such a train is fast and has little pollution. It is really a \"green\" train. The earliest locomotive was a steam locomotive."}, {"nb": 179, "data": "Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset. One day, the ants climbed into the tree to find food, and they encountered bees in the flowers. The ant asked, \"Bee, do you say I'm hard-working?\" The bee said, \"You, like me, are busy all day.\" The ant asked, \"Why do people only praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: \" Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \"One day, the ant climbed to the tree to find food, and was encountering bees in the flowers."}, {"nb": 180, "data": "Bees and butterflies In the morning, the weather was particularly sunny. The little bee said goodbye to her mother and went to the garden to collect honey. The garden is full of flowers and the little bee is so happy that it sings buzzingly while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"Little bee with eyes, you look so ugly, what are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee listened and came home sadly. The mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's the matter with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful. The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey again. Bees and butterflies In the morning, the weather was particularly sunny. The little bee said goodbye to her mother and went to the garden to collect honey."}, {"nb": 181, "data": "The river and the sea rose for a day, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and thought he was amazing. He swam proudly into the sea, but he couldn't see the shore. He said, \"Ah, I thought I was big, and the sea was bigger than mine!\" The sea heard it, and said to him with a smile, \"Yeah! I am much bigger than you. But, if there are no countless rivers flowing to I'm here, I won't be so big! \"Xiaohe listened, admiring the sea even more. \"The sea heard it and said to him with a smile,\" Yes!"}, {"nb": 182, "data": "Sweet flute Little white rabbit intends to plant sugar cane. The little goat said to her, \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" The little white rabbit said, \"Don't forget, eat sugarcane at that time!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil, cut the old sugar cane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. The little fox and the little monkey came to help her find fertilizer, and picked up one after another. The little white rabbit was so touched, she said loudly, \"Uncle Niu, chubby pig, little fox, little monkey, sugar cane must be cooked to eat sugar cane!\" However, in autumn, the little white rabbit's sugar cane field only grew one. Little sugarcane seedling. \"I promised my friends to come to eat sugarcane, but now ... woo--woo--woo--\" Little white rabbit was crying sadly, her eyes were red. Little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She cut down the sugarcane seedling, digged it, emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit blew the flute, and the sound of the flute went far and far. Little goats heard, little fat pigs heard, little foxes and little monkeys heard, and Uncle Niu heard. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed her mouth with three petals, and kept blowing, blowing ... The little goat said to her, \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet."}, {"nb": 183, "data": "Seeing the animals knowing the weather The changing weather directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, as the humidity in the air increased, the water absorbed by the soil increased greatly, so the ant nests built in the soil became humid. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew."}, {"nb": 184, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" Wealth and happiness said : \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness."}, {"nb": 185, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he came to the side of the brook, he was so angry that he said, \"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!\" The crow drew the magpie first. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie."}, {"nb": 186, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest. It was already dark. Where is north?"}, {"nb": 187, "data": "On my way home from school, I found an injured bird. Seeing its poor appearance, he picked it up home. This bird has a long and pointed mouth, a small amount of red hair on its head, black feathers on its back and tail, and grey feathers on its abdomen, which looks great! When my mother came back from work and saw the bird, she told me happily: \"This is a woodpecker. It can prey on pests in tree holes. People call it\" Doctor Tree \".\" I heard it and thought: \"It was originally a Only a bird! When I have taken care of her wounds, I will send it back to nature and let it continue to cure the tree. \"On the way home from school, I found an injured bird."}, {"nb": 188, "data": "Good neighbor bunny loves to jump and sing. These days, she does not jump or sing, walks softly, speaks softly. Mother Rabbit was so anxious that she thought the rabbit was ill and wanted to take her to the hospital for treatment. \"No, I'm not sick.\" The rabbit quietly told her mother ... The goat father who was living downstairs was sick and was lying at home to rest. The bunny mother brought the little rabbit downstairs to see the goat father. The goat father got up and said with a smile: \"My illness is much better. Thank you for your concern. You are really my good neighbors!\" Good neighbors! The little rabbit listened and smiled sweetly. Mother Rabbit was so anxious that she thought the rabbit was ill and wanted to take her to the hospital for treatment."}, {"nb": 189, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew into the sky with his plane. \"Oh, it flies!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene and thought and said, \"It seems that as long as I use my brain, there is nothing I can't do.\" The elephant saw the bear also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way."}, {"nb": 190, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter."}, {"nb": 191, "data": "Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower? This is a very beautiful little flower, with thin petals, pink and pink. It is very bright. And the leaves are thin, like a package of green juice, tender. In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily. The sun gets brighter as the sun shines. With its face on its back, it seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look.\" In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and slept quietly. Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ... colorful sunflowers bloom, then they look good! In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily."}, {"nb": 192, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? The little cock extended his head, and the shadow extended his head;"}, {"nb": 193, "data": "The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter."}, {"nb": 194, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, and sweet-scented osmanthus blooms. The sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four tiny petals and is very cute. As soon as the wind blew, little osmanthus flowers fell, and it began to rain golden osmanthus. Dad told me that sweet-scented osmanthus has different colors. The golden yellow is called Jin Gui, the silvery white is called Yin Gui, and the orange-red is called Dan Gui. Dad told me that sweet-scented osmanthus has different colors."}, {"nb": 195, "data": "In the village of hens and golden eggs, there was a greedy and lazy couple. They have a magical hen who actually lays a golden egg every day. Relying on these golden eggs, the couple's life is very good, but they do not cherish the good life now, they are becoming more and more lazy. They were so greedy that they thought that since the hens would lay golden eggs, there would surely be more gold in their bodies. They want to make a fortune immediately. So they killed the hen. But the belly of a hen is just like an ordinary chicken, and it has no gold. Now the couple are dumbfounded. Since then, they will no longer have golden eggs to sustain their lives. Soon, the unwilling husband and wife starved to death at home. They have a magical hen who actually lays a golden egg every day."}, {"nb": 196, "data": "Clouds of Lushan The scenery of Lushan is very beautiful. There are peaks, valleys, waterfalls, and streams, especially the fickle clouds, which add a bit of mystery to it. When visiting the mountains, it seems that you can feel the floating clouds at your fingertips. When walking on the mountain roads, there is often a feeling of rising clouds and fog driving. The clouds and mists of Lushan are in various forms. Those clouds covering the top of the mountain are like white fleece hats worn on the top of the mountain; those clouds entangled in the middle of the mountain are like strips of jade tied around the mountainside. Clouds and mist pervade the valley. It is a vast sea. Clouds and mist cover the mountain peaks. It is a huge sky. Lushan's clouds are changing rapidly. The cloud in front of me was just a ray of light wafting in the wind, and in a blink of time it became a galaxy of nine days. It was a white horse with four hoofs and wind. It has n\u2019t waited for you to see it clearly. An iceberg floating on the Arctic Ocean ... where there are peaks, valleys, waterfalls, streams, especially the capricious clouds, it adds a bit of mystery to it."}, {"nb": 197, "data": "Happy little snail I am a happy little snail. My shell is my house, and I carry it in the green fields every day. There are tender green grasses, sweet dew, and dragonflies and butterflies to accompany me to play. My favorite is rainy day, because the humid environment makes me feel particularly comfortable. After the rain is fine, children often see me when they go out to play. At this time, I may drink dew slowly on the blade of grass, stretch my waist on the ground and breathe the fresh air, or I may stand on the sunflower and enjoy the scenery in the distance ... I like my life very much. Once I climbed to the tree with difficulty, and saw a park not far away, with bright flowers, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children. The children are playing happily and chasing each other, and there is a continuous stream of laughter. I thought secretly: Although I climb very slowly, I must try hard to climb. If I can play with the children in the park, I will be happier! I thought secretly: Although I climb very slowly, I must try hard to climb. If I can play with the children in the park, I will be happier!"}, {"nb": 198, "data": "The black swan The black swan heard everyone saying that the goose is beautiful in the daytime, and thought, \"I'm not born black, it's born white!\" Hi ! If only one day I could exchange a feather with a white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. Taking advantage of the sleeping time of the white swan, it quietly smeared the ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, just as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced, \"You see, the white swan has become black, I have become white, the white swan is ugly, and I am beautiful!\" They laughed at the black swan. The Black Swan was puzzled for a moment. At this time, the eldest sister came over and said earnestly: \"Sister, we usually say that you are ugly, and that white swan beauty does not refer to your appearance, but to your inner heart. Usually, white swan thinks much for everyone, which is its advantage. ... you think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, wouldn't it prove your ugliness? In fact, what use is smearing and disguising yourself, it is not the original shape after a heavy rain. If you really If you want to lose your ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct the shortcomings. \"Everyone laughed and laughed at the black swan."}, {"nb": 199, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted."}, {"nb": 200, "data": "Early one morning, the swallows found that the green grass was very beautiful with many small water droplets. The swallow asked its friends to come and watch it. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew in. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! The small drops of water are even more beautiful in the sun!\" After a while, the beautiful small drops of water were gone. The grass is very sad. Early one morning, the swallows found that the green grass was very beautiful with many small water droplets."}, {"nb": 201, "data": "One day, the two husbands had a cousin eating noodles and a grandpa drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why am I without a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought for a while, and put some noodles in it On his lips, he said to his grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I'm old and have a beard.\" Grandpa smiled and said to his little cousin, \"We have two husbands here.\" One day, the two husbands, Cousin is eating noodles, grandpa is drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long?"}, {"nb": 202, "data": "Forest, hello one tree, two trees, many, many trees. Holding hands, side by side, a green sea. Hello, big green forest! Hello, big green forest! The little bird said, \"The forest is the home of the green umbrella.\" The little deer said, \"The forest is a tent, and it is my home.\" Hello, big green forest! The sand said, \"The forest is a wall, so let's not run wildly.\" The rain said, the forest is a reservoir, let me stay! The sand said, \"The forest is a wall, so let's not run wildly.\""}, {"nb": 203, "data": "Xiaoming, a naughty child, is a very naughty boy. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you want to receive?\" The mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and said, smiling: \"Mom don't have any gifts, just hope that there is a good child who is sensible and clean!\" Xiao Ming looked at himself, his cuffs and placket were covered with mud. Xiaoming suddenly understood her mother's meaning, lowered her head and blushed and said, \"Mom, I won't play mud anymore. I want to be a good-looking boy!\" After that, Xiaoming will be covered with mud. After changing it, I put on clean clothes and ran out happily. Mom watched Xiao Ming ran out and smiled reassuringly. \"My mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and smiled, and said,\" Mom doesn't need any gifts. I just want a good child who is sensible and clean! \""}, {"nb": 204, "data": "The chicks and ducklings all day, the mother chicken called the chicks across the river to collect some mushrooms. When the chick came to the river, he remembered that he couldn't swim and was anxious to stamp his feet. What should I do? At this moment, the duckling came to this side, and he hurried over and said to the duckling, \"Duckling, I want to cross the river, can you let me sit on your back?\" The duckling said, \"No. You are too heavy, we will sink together. \"At this moment, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, he picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken,\" You can stand on the wooden board and slowly swim past it. .If you're scared, I'll accompany you. \"The chick stood on a wooden board across the river. On the shore, the chick said happily to the duckling, \"Thank you!\" The duckling said, \"No thanks.\" At this time, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken. : \"You can swim slowly on the board."}, {"nb": 205, "data": "One night fishing for ducks, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I had no bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that in my shoulder bag for hunting, there was a little piece of lard left. Great! Immediately I took out the lard and quickly tied it to a long and thin rope and threw the rope into the water. When the wild duck saw lard, it immediately came over. A pouting wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, after it entered the duck's mouth, it quickly passed the duck's intestine and slipped out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild ducks were put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over, one by one swallowed the lard, and they were worn on my rope one by one. In less than 10 minutes, all the wild ducks looked like beads. Dressed up. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was so tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me into the sky. I didn't hesitate to make a rudder out of my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my home. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me into the sky. I didn't hesitate to make a rudder out of my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my home."}, {"nb": 206, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end."}, {"nb": 207, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water. The sparkling water waves flickered in the sunlight and the breeze, just like big eyes twinkling. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass, which looks far away. Like the Creator, the ground is covered with a thick green carpet. It is very beautiful. Sometimes when I am playing by the pond, I will also see a group of birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was full of red glow, and the glow was reflected on the water surface, as if a layer of red, transparent gauze was spread on the water surface. Night fell, and the crooked moon reflected on the water surface, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the water surface, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond! The pond is surrounded by tender green grass, which looks far away. Like the Creator, the ground is covered with a thick green carpet. It is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 208, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks a little like a narcissus, but its flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": Is it the wind girl who awakened it, then it blooms small flowers and conveys the message of spring to people? The root of the hyacinth grows in water and is entangled together like a bean sprouts; don't look at its root like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinth for nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, their roots are reserved for them. The newborn leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths bloom in order from the bottom up, as if telling people: \"Spring is here! Spring is here!\" Hyacinth is so beautiful, I love hyacinth! The newborn leaves spread out all around, and as soon as spring came, hyacinths bloomed horn-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \"Spring is here!"}, {"nb": 209, "data": "The mother of plants has a way. The mother of dandelions prepared a parachute and gave it to her doll. As long as the wind blows gently, the children set off in the wind. Xan's mother has a good idea. She puts her child on a barbed armor. As long as the animal 's fur is hung up, the children can go to the fields and mountains. The mother pea has a better way. She let the pods bask in the sun. With a pop, the pods exploded, and the children jumped away from their mother. The mother pea has a better way. She let the pods bask in the sun. With a pop, the pods exploded, and the children jumped away from their mother."}, {"nb": 210, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He cultivated my ability to think independently and solve problems with a stern, ignorant attitude."}, {"nb": 211, "data": "Little sparrow's ambition The little sparrow has a lot of fantasies, but he doesn't know what he can do, he always has no idea. He thought that, as a singer, he stood on a tree branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how hard he practiced, Sister Lark did not sing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the room all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot and a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persist. It felt very sad that it could do nothing. The mother said to it, \"Child, your ambitions are all very good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. Ca n\u2019t succeed! \u201dThe mother said to it,\u201c Child, your ambitions are good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. , Then you can never succeed!"}, {"nb": 212, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. Then the monkey knew that he had been fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's not easy to believe what others say, and it's easier to be deceived if you believe what others say!\" On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to be fooled."}, {"nb": 213, "data": "Frogs are famous insect trappers. They can catch two or thirty pests, including locusts, aphids, and mosquitoes. Frogs eat so much that one frog can destroy more than 10,000 pests a year. This little expert in catching pests is not small in protecting the growth of crops! Frogs eat so much that one frog can destroy more than 10,000 pests a year."}, {"nb": 214, "data": "A young goat eats grass. A young goat eats grass. This mountain looks at that mountain. I ran up the North Mountain and looked at the South Mountain to see the Nanshan Cao Ermao. When I boarded Nanshan and looked at Beishan, I felt that it was still Beishan. Nanshan Beishan kept running, and his stomach was cooing hungry. I ran up the North Mountain and looked at the South Mountain to see the Nanshan Cao Ermao."}, {"nb": 215, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me."}, {"nb": 216, "data": "A quiz was held in Banana Forest Elementary School, and many animals came to participate. The elephant teacher came up with such a question: How do three people eat two bananas? It didn't take long for the Gray Wolf, Fox and Goats to answer first. They are so divided. The Gray Wolves cut two bananas from the middle. Each person ate half of the bananas, and the remaining half was thrown away. No one wants to find them back. The gray wolf thinks this is the most fair. The fox team simply peeled both bananas. You bite and I bite and eat. After eating bananas, it is fair to have no more than one bite per person. What about the goats? Also cut the banana from the middle and give it to the elephant teacher half root first, and each person will eat half root. Smart boy, which team do you think won the first place? The elephant teacher came up with such a question: How do three people eat two bananas?"}, {"nb": 217, "data": "My mark I am very short, with small eyes, small noses, and small mouths concentrated on my face, but the pair of big ears is particularly conspicuous. When I was young, I was very mischievous. Therefore, my ears often suffer like this: Papa pulls the left ear, and mom pulls the right ear to punish me for not. I heard my mother said that when I fell to the ground, she noticed a small ear on my right ear at a glance, and determined that it was my mark, and thought it was her inheritance. Everyone who has seen me at one glance says that I am very smart, and that I must be very productive and blessed in the future. I asked them why it was, they said, \"Because you have a little ear longer than others.\" In fact, whether people will be successful in the future, whether they have blessings, have nothing to do with their ears, they must rely on their own hard work and hard work Are you saying that? \"Actually, do people have any future in the future, whether they will have blessings, and have nothing to do with their ears. They must rely on their own diligence and hard work. Do you think so?"}, {"nb": 218, "data": "At night in the square When the night falls and the sky is full of stars, the beautiful Bigui Plaza is always lively. On festive nights, the square seems more lively than usual. People came here one after another during the May 1 leisure time. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be spraying higher. Look at the springs it spouts, which are even more brilliant under the mapping of colorful lights. The spring water that comes out is various, some are like fireworks, spraying a thick water mist; some are like water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some are like meteors, and slowly fall down after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain accompanied by crisp music sounds makes people can't help but stop and watch it. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be spraying higher. Look at the springs it spouts, which are even more brilliant under the mapping of colorful lights."}, {"nb": 219, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. Sure enough, as soon as the sun showed his face, the dewdrops gradually changed from large to small, and soon disappeared."}, {"nb": 220, "data": "Little paper boat Little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the doorstep of his good friend Red Squirrel. But one day they quarreled and the little brown bear never gave a little paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear was very sad. He still folded the small paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat that the little brown bear had given him before and made him drift to the door of the little brown bear's house. They soon made up again. After a few days, the little brown bear was very sad. He still folded the small paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream."}, {"nb": 221, "data": "The male goose \"lays an egg\" remembers the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and still remembers it so much that I can't help laughing. That winter vacation, I took my big yellow dog to the countryside to walk home. A big white goose walked so fat that it shook. I stared at its big belly. It seemed like it was about to lay an egg! Let me urge it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere. The big yellow dog rushed over. I quickly held the big white goose and let it scream and press his belly hard. Suddenly someone \"stunned\" me from behind, and I stood beside stunned prisoner like a defeated captive. The big yellow dog waiting for the reward saw that the situation was not good, and ran away with its tail. \"What kind of ghost are you doing again?\" I hesitated a moment, and finally said it. He said, \"How can this goose lay an egg? It's a male goose!\" He, white tossing for a long time, really angry! The big yellow dog swooped over. I quickly grabbed the big white goose and allowed it to scream and press his belly hard."}, {"nb": 222, "data": "There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda. The giant panda has a fat body, a short tail, and smooth hair. The limbs and shoulders are black, and the body and head are white. The most interesting are a pair of round black eyes and a pair of furry black ears. The giant panda was very lively when he was young, and liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I do n\u2019t love much, I often hold my head in my paws, and sleep loudly. When he was asleep, you went to tease him, and he opened his eyes to look at you, and fell asleep again. When he woke up, he wobbled his fat body and walked around to find something to eat. He loves fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. The number of giant pandas is small and only produced in China. He is a very precious animal and a national treasure of our country. There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda."}, {"nb": 223, "data": "At night in the square When the night falls and the sky is full of stars, the beautiful Bigui Plaza is always lively. On festive nights, the square seems more lively than usual. People came here one after another during the May 1 leisure time. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be spraying higher. Look at the springs it spouts, which are even more brilliant under the mapping of colorful lights. The spring water that comes out is various, some are like fireworks, spraying a thick water mist; some are like water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some are like meteors, and slowly fall down after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain accompanied by crisp music sounds makes people can't help but stop and watch it. The spring water that came out was of all kinds, some were like fireworks, and sprayed out a thick mist of water;"}, {"nb": 224, "data": "The little hero of the summer night, the firefly, flies low on the grass of the summer night, holding a small red light, and attentively looks after the world of flowers and plants. Fireflies, don't you think your lights are too small? Don't you think you are burning yourself? The firefly didn't answer, and it kept flying around, carrying its beautiful red light that was ignited by life, flying among the flowers. The firefly didn't answer, and it kept flying around, carrying its beautiful red light that was ignited by life, flying among the flowers."}, {"nb": 225, "data": "Washington cut down the cherry tree George Washington was the first president of the United States. He was a smart and naughty child as a child. One day, his father gave him a small axe. That little axe is brand new and brand new, small and sharp. Little George is happy! He thought that his father's big axe could cut down the big tree, can my little axe cut down the small tree? I want to give it a try. He saw a cherry tree by the garden, and the breeze swayed it, as if beckoning to him: \"Come on, little George, try your little axe on me!\" Little George was happy I ran over and raised the axe to cut down the cherry tree, and once, twice ... the cherry tree fell to the ground. He used a small axe to cut off the branches and leaves of the small tree, clamped the small stick between the two legs, held the small ax in one hand, and held the small stick in one hand, playing a game of horse riding and fighting in the garden. After a while, my father came back and was very angry when he saw the beloved cherry tree falling to the ground. He asked Little George: \"Did you cut down my cherry tree?\" Then Little George realized that he was in trouble, and thought, \"I must endure my dad today!\" But he never loved lying, so he said to his father, \"Dad! I cut down your cherry tree. I want to try a little axe.\" Father heard George's words, not only did not hit him, but also gave him a shot. Hug and happily say: \"My good son, Dad would rather lose a thousand cherry trees than tell you a lie. Dad forgive the honest child. However, he can no longer cut the tree at will.\" Little George Looking at his father, he nodded sensibly. He asked little George, \"Did you cut down my cherry tree?"}, {"nb": 226, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? Alas, how has the shadow become shorter?"}, {"nb": 227, "data": "Good way In the winter morning, the two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle came. The little white rabbit shouted, \"Hide up! Little gray rabbit said,\" Where is there a hole? \"Little white rabbit said:\" Hidden in the rubble! After that, the little white rabbit ran to the snow below the mountain. The eagle flew and circled a few times in the sky. If nothing was found, it flew away. After that, the little white rabbit ran to the snow below the mountain."}, {"nb": 228, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the greatest, and the sun is my name."}, {"nb": 229, "data": "The little gecko borrowed his tail. The little gecko climbed, and climbed to the small river. He saw the fish swimming with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister, little fish, can you lend me your tail?\" The little fish said, \"No, I want to use the tail to divert water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, climbed, and climbed onto the big tree. He saw the old ox wagging his tail to eat grass under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cattle, can you lend me your tail?\" The old ox said, \"No, I want to use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old ox and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, and climbed under the eaves. He saw swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I'm flying, I have to use the tail to grasp the direction.\" The little gecko was sad that he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled, crawled, crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing his tail. The mother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned and looked at it with joy, \"I have a new tail!\" He saw the little fish swimming by the tail in the river Swim."}, {"nb": 230, "data": "Uncle Gray Cat \"Xiu Xiu\" gave me a little cat named \"Xiu Xiu\". From a distance, \"Xiu Xiu\" looks like a majestic little tiger: a pair of sparkling eyes are embedded on his face, and a long beard is grown near the corner of his mouth; a gray hair feels very comfortable to touch; The long tail is always tilted upwards. So cute ! \"Xiu Xiu\" is a good mouse trap. One night I found \"Xiuxiu\" hiding near a mouse's hole in the corner. After a while, a big mouse came out of the hole and \"Xiu Xiu\" swooped on. Unexpectedly the mouse screamed and ran away from \"Xiu Xiu\" 's paw. \"Xiu Xiu\" Where would you let it go! \"\u564c, \u564c, \u564c\" a few times, then pressed the mouse under the claws. \"Xiu Xiu\" was not in a hurry to eat the mouse. I saw it tossed the mouse into the air, and the mouse ran away as soon as it landed, but did not wait for the mouse to run two steps. The front paws kicked the rat around, and it was a beautiful meal until it tortured the rat so that it would not move. Unexpectedly the mouse screamed and ran away from \"Xiu Xiu\" 's paw."}, {"nb": 231, "data": "Changing hands Silk flower master Every morning, when the music of sunshine sports sounds, students in each class will rush to the school playground in a hurry. When you pass the small playground, you will always see a blooming \"flower\" dancing in the breeze. Who is this \"flower\"? She is Xu Zhuomin from our class. Xu Zhuomin changed her silk flowers very well. I call her \"the master of silk flowers\". She will not only turn left hand, but also turn up, even if she even made two tops, she will not make mistakes. She is indeed the \"hand-changing silk flower master\" in my mind. She is Xu Zhuomin from our class."}, {"nb": 232, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphire, and white clouds like snow are floating. They float leisurely in the blue sky, and a cloud changes its image in the air. Sometimes, the cloud resembles a little goat, and after running freely, it merges into the clouds soon; sometimes, the cloud resembles a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, Into a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some look like cows, some look like rabbits, and some look like chickens ... In the morning, the sun rises to the clouds with a beautiful gold rim, through the gap between the clouds, the sun shoots out The golden light shines in the wilderness, shining on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked. A few clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars when I walked. Clouds are in the sky like sapphire, and white clouds like snow are floating. They float leisurely in the blue sky, and a cloud changes its image in the air."}, {"nb": 233, "data": "Little raindrops Little raindrops are a group of cute little dolls. They are sensible and are most willing to help others. If the flowers are thirsty, the raindrops will jump from the sky and let the flowers absorb the rain. If the fish in the lake felt suffocated, they jumped down and made bubbles in the lake water to let the fish breathe. If the flowers are thirsty, the raindrops will jump from the sky and let the flowers absorb the rain."}, {"nb": 234, "data": "Tree Doctor People say that the woodpecker is a hardworking tree doctor. The woodpecker's mouth is sharp and hard, like a chisel. The tongue is thin and long, and the tongue has hooks. The woodpecker found that there were pests under the bark, so he pecked the bark first, then stuck out his tongue with hooks, strung the pests one by one, and finally brought out the worms and eggs with saliva. The woodpecker found that there were pests under the bark, so he pecked the bark first, then stuck out his tongue with hooks, strung the pests one by one, and finally brought out the worms and eggs with saliva."}, {"nb": 235, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. The dewdrop was even more proud of it: \"I succeeded overnight, but you don't know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It's really not worth it."}, {"nb": 236, "data": "Xiao Yan is so pretty, with a fat face, with straight braids. One day, a small hole in the little pig 's braid was rotten. She went to the fruit hospital to see a doctor. There are many patients in the hospital. There are apples, oranges, peaches, and watermelons. The woodpecker doctor said to the baby: \"You are not a fruit, you are a vegetable, you should go to the vegetable hospital to see a doctor.\" The baby said goodbye to the woodpecker doctor and the fruits and went to the vegetable hospital. \"You are not a fruit, you are a vegetable and you should go to a vegetable hospital to see a doctor."}, {"nb": 237, "data": "The girl Qiu proudly flew to the garden and said to many flowers, \"Your flowering period is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on your body to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, the garden was full of various chrysanthemums, purple. Yes, there are yellow and white ... The girl Qiu came to the grass cheerfully, and said to the grass, \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I will put on my pine and cypress friends The wind is cold. \"As a result, the grass withered, and the pine and cypresses on the campus and the road became greener. The girl Qiu came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and big wild geese to say, \"Hurry up and get ready, go to the south!\" So the little swallows and big wild geese are flying in the blue sky. \"Then the grass was withered, and the cypresses on the campus and by the road were greener."}, {"nb": 238, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the nest of butterflies is petals. Singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful large dormitories, clear rivers, swim in fish and shrimp, and the green big field is the home of the dragonfly. The poor wind has no home. It runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is homeless, and when the sky is overcast, tears rush out. We are the happiest! As soon as we are born, our parents are ready for home. Let us grow up safely at home. As soon as we are born, our parents are ready for home. Let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 239, "data": "There was a pomegranate tree in the yard, and there were many pomegranates hanging on the tree. The mother said, \"As soon as the pomegranate smiles, you can eat it.\" When does the pomegranate laugh? Kang Kang sang to it, and it didn't laugh. Kang Kang danced to him, and he didn't laugh. Kang Kang told it a joke, and it didn't laugh either. Autumn has come . The pomegranate on the tree slowly showed rows of teeth and smiled. Kang Kang looked at the pomegranate and smiled. \"When does pomegranate laugh?"}, {"nb": 240, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. \"Little Worm is so proud, Little Worm doesn't have a name yet."}, {"nb": 241, "data": "In the park, a magnolia flower is quietly opening. The lark fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white Magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly, \"No, the sun father gave me color, the rain gave me fragrance, dear soil My mother gave me sufficient nutrition so that I could smile and be open. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, the raindrops and the soil. \"Magnolia said embarrassedly,\" No, the father-in-law gave me color, and raindrops gave me I am fragrant, my dear soil mom has given me sufficient nutrition so that I can smile and open."}, {"nb": 242, "data": "Ai Hua is studying very carefully. During the class, he always listened to the teacher with his full attention, and thought actively and raised his hand to speak. His homework was completed on time every time, and the book was neat and beautiful. Once after school, the teacher sent down the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework. The other classmates went home, but he was thinking hard in the classroom by himself. It was not until he gave the correct answer that he smiled with satisfaction and returned home with peace of mind. Once after school, the teacher sent down the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework."}, {"nb": 243, "data": "The seeds had a few spring breeze and a few spring rains. The ice and snow had turned into water drops early and were handed over to the mother of the land for collection. The winter seeds have been sleeping under the snow quilt for a whole winter, and they haven't awoken yet! The mother of land was a little angry. She twisted her little noses and called gently: \"Wake up! My naughty children.\" The naughty seeds stretched out, yawned, and stretched out green Rubbed his eyes, rubbed his eyes lazily and looked at the sky. Outside is a blue sky and a ray of sunlight. \"What a terrible thing, it 's late again.\" In the humid air, the seeds kept growing up and up. \"In the moist air, the seeds kept growing up and up."}, {"nb": 244, "data": "Spiders There are about 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, the venom of most spiders does little harm to humans and animals. But there are many poisonous spiders. There is a kind of spider called Black Widow, which is very toxic, and it can be fatal if people and animals are stabbed. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it nets everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, its usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to destroy pests such as planthoppers, aphids, and spider mites, to increase food production, and they can also be used as medicine to treat diseases such as ulcers, prolapse, and sores. Spiders There are about 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China."}, {"nb": 245, "data": "During the lesson, Xiao Hong went to the pool to wash her hands. She saw that the pool was very dirty and was about to clean it, and the bell for class rang. After school, she and some children bit their ears and came to the pool together. They rolled up their cuffs and started to work hard. Some of them wiped the moss in the pool, and some of the grass by the pool, and even the surrounding paper heads, withered grass, and leaves were cleaned. After cleaning, they stood in front of the pool and saw that the pool had been changed into clean \"clothes\". They were indescribably happy. After cleaning, they stood in front of the pool and saw that the pool had been changed into clean \"clothes\". They were indescribably happy."}, {"nb": 246, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and your front is north. In the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is north."}, {"nb": 247, "data": "In a windy and sunny day, the two children chased a broken kite flying farther and farther in the clear sky ... \"If only you two little angels with wings!\" Let's go to the flying eagle! You must be able to catch the kite! \"... A few passers-by, seeing this scene, laughed at the two breathless children with laughter. \"Yes, why can't people grow a pair of wings to fly in the air like birds?\" A fantasy of \"flying\" towards the sky germinated in these two young hearts. Since then, they have begun to observe the changes in the wings of birds as they fly and glide, and they have carefully crafted various toys that can \"fly\". When they grew up, they continued to study the principle of flying. Scientific illusions have finally become reality through the hard work of people. In 1903, the world's first aircraft was born. Twenty years ago, the inventor of this propeller plane was struggling to chase the two American children-the Wright brothers-who were flying in the air with a broken kite. Twenty years ago, the inventor of this propeller plane was struggling to chase the two American children-the Wright brothers-who were flying in the air with a broken kite."}, {"nb": 248, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hills, and the hills hold beautiful flowers; touch the field, and the field offers tender green grass; Also helped the children to take off the thick large cotton jackets, and let them laugh and run on the spring ground ... Touching the river, Xiaohe started to listen to the folk songs ..."}, {"nb": 249, "data": "Mi Jia 's Diary In winter, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh, and skated with her partners on the river. He happily wrote down his diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He wrote his diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, picks wild fruits, and turns around in the shade. He wrote his diary happily: \"Summer is so happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the apples in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are Huang Chengcheng. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is lovely, I hope it will always be autumn.\" He wrote a diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring."}, {"nb": 250, "data": "I do my own wake up in the morning and my mother will help me get dressed. I said, \"No, I'll wear it by myself.\" On the way to school, Grandpa would carry a schoolbag for me. I said, \"No, I will carry it on my own.\" After finishing my homework, my dad will pack up the learning tools for me. I said, \"No, I'll take care of myself.\" The socks are dirty and my mother is going to wash them. I said, \"No, I wash it by myself.\" I am a primary school student, and I have to do everything I can do. \"The socks are dirty and my mother is going to wash them."}, {"nb": 251, "data": "The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains. The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on the earth. Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful! The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains."}, {"nb": 252, "data": "A quiz was held in Banana Forest Elementary School, and many animals came to participate. The elephant teacher came up with such a question: How do three people eat two bananas? It didn't take long for the Gray Wolf, Fox and Goats to answer first. They are so divided. The Gray Wolves cut two bananas from the middle. Each person ate half of the bananas, and the remaining half was thrown away. No one wants to find them back. The gray wolf thinks this is the most fair. The fox team simply peeled both bananas. You bite and I bite and eat. After eating bananas, it is fair to have no more than one bite per person. What about the goats? Also cut the banana from the middle and give it to the elephant teacher half root first, and each person will eat half root. Smart boy, which team do you think won the first place? After eating bananas, it is fair to have no more than one bite per person."}, {"nb": 253, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flowerbed, there are several tall \"canna\" with a high fragrance. Its dark green leaves are like a green banana fan. Its straight and upright stem, dragging a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there were two pomegranate trees. They seemed to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted flowers, such as the icy winter that is not afraid of the cold, the pink rose, the green spider plant, and the beautiful begonia. It is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful! The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground."}, {"nb": 254, "data": "Four wishes Mi Jia and her companions finished the snow battle and went skating on the lake again. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is fun, I wish it would always be winter!\" My father said, \"Write down your wishes!\" Mi Jia wrote down her first wish. Here comes spring, Mi Jia is chasing colorful butterflies on the green grass. She cheerfully said to her father, \"Spring is so beautiful, I hope it will always be spring!\" The father took out a small book and let Mi Jia write down a second wish. It is summer . Mi Jia and his father went to the suburbs, catching small fish, picking mushrooms, and turning their heads in the shade, they had a great time. She said to her father with satisfaction: \"Summer is great, I wish that summer would never pass!\" Mi Jia wrote this wish in a small book again. In autumn, there were many fruits in the orchard. Mi Jia helped his father to pick off the red apples, and helped grandma to carry a basket of grapes home. She excitedly said to her father, \"Autumn is better than any season!\" My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is so interesting. I wish it would always be winter!"}, {"nb": 255, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees and make them grow faster. They are all useful animals, we must take care of them! Frogs can catch pests and protect crops."}, {"nb": 256, "data": "Looking for a needle for my grandmother One evening, my grandmother sat on a chair and sewed her clothes carefully. Accidentally, a needle placed by her grandmother on the needle box rolled under the chair. My grandmother asked me to look for a needle, but after searching for a long time, she didn't find it. The grandmother said, \"Forget it, forget it, don't find it, I'll take another one.\" Suddenly, I thought there was a magnet in the pencil case. So I said to my grandmother, \"Grandma, I have a way, I will find the needle.\" I took the magnet in my hand and looked for the missing needle. \"Haha! I finally found it!\" I am a smart child. I thought: I can use my knowledge to do something for adults. Looking for a needle for my grandmother One evening, my grandmother sat on a chair and sewed her clothes carefully. Accidentally, a needle placed by her grandmother on the needle box rolled under the chair."}, {"nb": 257, "data": "Once when I was appreciating the coins, I saw three Japanese characters \"Japan\" on Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said, \"In the Tang Dynasty in China, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan did not have a native language. When we saw the beautifulness of Chinese characters, we borrowed a part of them and created our own characters. Until now, there are still thousands 10,000 Chinese characters are used in Japan. \"Once I was enjoying the coins, I saw the three characters\" Japan \"on the Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father."}, {"nb": 258, "data": "Home like picking up some fallen leaves in the suburbs. After returning home, home is like a collage of fallen leaves into a beautiful picture. Dad said, \"I never thought that if you were so young, you would know how to use waste.\" Jiaru asked, \"What is waste?\" Dad said, \"Waste is the uselessness of things that are useful again. . For example: old newspapers, soda cans, glass bottles, etc. can make fun and useful things again. \"Jiaru said,\" Waste use is very meaningful! We must support environmental protection and support waste use. Dad, please teach me quickly Do it! \"Dad said,\" Let's make a beautiful vase together, you go and prepare old newspapers, glue, color materials and soda cans. \"\" Dad said, \"Let's make a beautiful vase together, you quickly Prepare old newspapers, glue, color materials and soda cans."}, {"nb": 259, "data": "To prevent the butterfly from being stabbed, Xiao Zhuoya was playing in the garden. She approached a locust tree. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it. Oh, why isn't she afraid! What if it hits the thorn? Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three. When she saw it, she asked her, \"Zoya, what are you doing? Why do you want to stab?\" \"In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed.\" Zoya replied. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it."}, {"nb": 260, "data": "Mid-autumn moon The mid-autumn moon is round. Mom said, \"The round moon is like a plate.\" Dad said, \"The round moon is like a flying saucer, with a group of small stars behind its tail.\" I said, \"No, no! The moon is like a big moon cake, very delicious, It \u2019s very sweet, and I \u2019ll share it with you. \u201dThe moon heard me, thinking it would be eaten, and rushed into the clouds. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, so it came out again and hung brightly in the sky. \"The moon listened to me, thinking that the real thing would be eaten, and quickly drilled into the clouds."}, {"nb": 261, "data": "The little monster who missed the spell learned a lot of spells from his father. He used spells to make gardens, castles, and gold and silver jewelry. Although the little monster can change a lot of things with spells, he is not happy at all, and there is no smile on his face. One day, for some reason, he missed the wrong spell and turned himself into a little bitch. The little monster limped along the forest while the little rabbit saw it and jumped all the way to help him pick up the things in his hand. The little monkey saw it and helped him down the high hillside. When the little lark saw it, he gave him many delicious fruits. When the little monsters said \"thank you\" to the little rabbit, the monkey, and the little lark, their faces all smiled sweetly. Xiao Jingwei then realized that the happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and accepting the help of others. One day, for some reason, he missed the wrong spell and turned himself into a little bitch."}, {"nb": 262, "data": "Where is the wind? Willow said, \"When I dance, it is the wind that is blowing.\" Where is the wind? Xiao Cao said, \"When I shake gently, the wind is blowing.\" Where is the wind? The flower said, \"When I nodded frequently, the wind was blowing.\" Where is the wind? The wind is by my side. In the spring it blows the earth green, in the summer it brings coolness, in the fall it gives a fruity fragrance, in winter it brings silver. The wind is by my side."}, {"nb": 263, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he came to the side of the brook, he was so angry that he said, \"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!\" The crow drew the magpie first. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie."}, {"nb": 264, "data": "The male goose \"lays an egg\" remembers the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and still remembers it so much that I can't help laughing. That winter vacation, I took my big yellow dog to the countryside to walk home. A big white goose walked so fat that it shook. I stared at its big belly. It seemed like it was about to lay an egg! Let me urge it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere. The big yellow dog rushed over. I quickly held the big white goose and let it scream and press his belly hard. Suddenly someone \"stunned\" me from behind, and I stood beside stunned prisoner like a defeated captive. The big yellow dog waiting for the reward saw that the situation was not good, and ran away with its tail. \"What kind of ghost are you doing again?\" I hesitated a moment, and finally said it. He said, \"How can this goose lay an egg? It's a male goose!\" He, white tossing for a long time, really angry! He said, \"How can this goose lay eggs?"}, {"nb": 265, "data": "One day after running the newspaper, my mother said to me, \"Meng Meng, what do you want to be when you grow up?\" I said, \"Like you, you want to be a reporter.\" My mother said, \"You should try to do A newspaper! \"I agreed happily. Started running newspapers. The newspaper should have a name. What is it called? Just call \"Small Rain\"! Raindrops can merge into a stream. Classmates often like to tell jokes and some interesting things. I write these down, isn't it a good newspaper? After writing, I painted beautiful pictures around the newspaper, and a newspaper was finished! Looking at my newspaper, I am so happy to mention it! The newspaper should have a name. What is it called?"}, {"nb": 266, "data": "To prevent the butterfly from being stabbed, Xiao Zhuoya was playing in the garden. She approached a locust tree. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it. Oh, why isn't she afraid! What if it hits the thorn? Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three. When she saw it, she asked her, \"Zoya, what are you doing? Why do you want to stab?\" \"In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed.\" Zoya replied. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it."}, {"nb": 267, "data": "Dewdrops Dewdrops are small in size and short in life, but they are extraordinary. When the night is covered, it nourishes the seedlings like a mother breastfeeds her baby. When dawn comes, it opens its tireless eyes first; it hides in the air during the day and silently in the dark at night. Work. It does not show off its power like a rainstorm or thunder and lightning, nor is it cruel to everything like hail. It worked silently and passed away silently. It devoted his short life to the grass seedlings, but did not ask for the grass seedlings. How it looks like a hard-working gardener who cultivates the flowers of the motherland; how it looks like our beloved teacher, who works night and day under the lamp, and sprinkles his life 's blood on our heart! It devoted his short life to the grass seedlings, but did not ask for the grass seedlings."}, {"nb": 268, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet.Everyone has a pair of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes need not be the same as mine. Yellow or blue, gray or green, what is the difference? As long as they open, they can see the big sun. Your hair is dark, and his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful is the corolla. In this vast world, children open like flowers. Some are dark and some are light like the most beautiful bouquets. Your hair is dark, and his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful is the corolla."}, {"nb": 269, "data": "The dog doctor asked the monkey lab technician to give the animal a blood test. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all are here. The monkey lab technicians took their blood and put them in glass tubes. The test results came out, but Dr. Flower Dog found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey lab technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey was crying anxiously. The flower dog said: \"Don't worry, the turquoise is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the cyan is the blood of the shrimp, and the rose red is the blood of the earthworm. Name, and said, \"I'll be serious in the future.\" The monkey lab technicians took their blood out and placed them in glass tubes."}, {"nb": 270, "data": "Finding Horses in Washington There is a cute pony in Washington. One day, he took the pony out to play. When the pony saw a few mares, he broke his reins and ran into the house of John with the mares. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his. Washington thought about it, went to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\" John Zhiwu said, \"Left , Left eye. \"Washington shook his head. John hurriedly changed his mouth and said, \"Oh, it's the right eye.\" Washington put his hands down, and when John looked at it, both eyes of the pony were good. John bowed his head in shame. Washington took his pony happily home. When Washington thought about it, he came to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands, and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\""}, {"nb": 271, "data": "Several kinds of animals in the zoo are playing seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The squirrel cannot raise the sika. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot raise the red panda. The baby squirrel plays with the baby monkey. The baby squirrel cannot lift the baby monkey up. The sika deer and the red panda play together, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the most important? The sika deer and the red panda play together, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer."}, {"nb": 272, "data": "The taste of the moon What is the taste of the moon? Is it sweet or salty? I really want to taste a small bite! At night, the animals looked at the moon and always thought so. However, no matter how much the neck, the hands, the legs are stretched, the moon cannot be reached. One day a little turtle was determined to touch the moon. Climbing to the top of the mountain, the moon was near. However, little turtles are still out of reach. The turtle called the elephant, \"Elephant, come on my back, maybe we can get it!\" Moon thought, \"Is this a game with me!\" The elephant's nose stretched up, and the moon was light Jump up to the ground. The elephant was out of reach. It called the giraffe. Then the giraffe called the zebra, the zebra called the lion, the lion called the fox, the fox called the monkey, and the monkey called the mouse. The moon looked at the mouse and thought, \"Such a little bit, I can't catch me.\" The moon was tired of playing, and it didn't move this time. Unexpectedly, \"click!\" The mouse bit a piece of moon. It gave the animals a bite of the moon, and everyone felt that this was the most delicious thing they had ever eaten. A small fish looked at all this, and couldn't understand why: \"Why do they have to work so hard to go to the high sky to pick the moon? Isn't there another one? Well, it's in the water, next to me.\" One day, a little turtle was determined to touch the moon."}, {"nb": 273, "data": "Why don't bats go to the meeting? In the big forest, there are all kinds of birds. They choose the peacock as the bird king. Bats also live in this forest. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came. It said happily: \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, you will come too!\" \"Me?\" Bat said with a smile, \"How can I attend your bird convention? I am a beast!\" \"You are Beast? The beasts I saw were all crawling on the ground. You have wings and can fly in the sky, are n\u2019t they like us? \u201dThe peacock was angry, and the bat hurriedly explained,\u201c My wings are different from yours .Look, there are no feathers on it! \"The bat opened its wings to show the peacock. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather. Suddenly \"squeaked\" for a while, the peacock took a closer look. It turned out that the little bat was crying. It was lying in the arms of her mother and was breastfeeding! The peacock is very strange. The bat said, \"Look, this is where we are different from you! My children were born as little bats. They all grew up eating my milk. Your birds are all eggs and hatched birds. Besides We still have teeth, and you don't have them! \"\" Oh! I'm wrong, sorry! \"Peacock said, flapping his wings and flying back. I am a beast!"}, {"nb": 274, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the elder sister rabbit, the younger duck sister, and the younger squirrel brother. One morning, Sister Rabbit came to her rooster brother: \"I'm going to buy radishes and lend me a basket.\" The rooster said, \"I will use it myself, don't borrow it!\" At noon, the duck sister came to rooster brother: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"The cock said,\" I'm going to eat, I'm not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to find the cock brother:\" I'll go up the hill tomorrow morning to chop firewood, please call me! \"The cock said,\" I'm weak Don't call! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the roof of the cock's house, and the cock screamed and jumped. Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof. It was fixed in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the rooster's roof off, and the rooster was so anxious that it cried and jumped."}, {"nb": 275, "data": "In the desert, the first baby of an ostrich is two legs. These long legs can run dozens of miles per hour and are not afraid of hot sand. Its second baby is a long neck. With a long neck, you can see into the distance, and you can catch flying insects and running beasts. Its third baby is a pair of wings that can make it run faster. Its second baby is a long neck."}, {"nb": 276, "data": "Cute little goldfish mother bought me 3 cute little goldfish today. These three goldfish are different in color. One is black, with two bulging eyes, like two small balls. One is red, and its mouth is round like the letter O in our pinyin. It likes to spit out white bubbles. Another one is colorful. It is the most naughty. It always swims first every time it is fed. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find them more secrets. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find them more secrets."}, {"nb": 277, "data": "During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play. There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe. The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place. The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher. It likes to eat fresh leaves most, you see how fragrant it is! The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher."}, {"nb": 278, "data": "The north wind whistled. It blew on the grass and the grass changed color. It blows at the sycamore tree, and the sycamore tree leaves. It blew at the birds, and the birds hid in their nests. It blows at the sycamore tree, and the sycamore tree leaves."}, {"nb": 279, "data": "Bananas have no seeds In the south of our country, there are large banana trees growing. Every harvest season, a lot of bananas grow on a flower stem, and each banana grows upwards, and when viewed from a distance, it looks like a green flower barrel made of bananas. The ripe banana was cut off by the worker's uncle from the stem with a sickle, and then the banana attached to the stem was carried back and sent to the car. The driver 's uncle sent them to various places. Eating a sweet and sweet banana, have you ever thought about how it is grown? Does the banana have seeds? In fact, bananas have no seeds, and their reproduction is accomplished by the roots that grow in the soil. So if you like bananas very much, don't bury the bananas in the soil and wait for it to grow more fruits. Because bananas have no seeds. Every harvest season, a lot of bananas grow on a flower stem, and each banana grows upwards, and when viewed from a distance, it looks like a green flower barrel made of bananas."}, {"nb": 280, "data": "The small waterdrop said, \"The lotus leaf is my cradle.\" The small waterdrop lay on the lotus leaf, and blinked bright eyes. The small dragonfly said, \"The lotus leaf is my apron.\" The small dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf, spreading its wide wings. The little frog said, \"The lotus leaf is my song stand.\" The little frog squatted on the lotus leaf and sang loudly. The child said, \"The lotus leaf is my cool hat.\" The child put on the lotus leaf, smiling and rosy, hiding under the green, slick lotus leaf, which is even more beautiful than the lotus flower! The children put on lotus leaves, smiling and ruddy face, hidden under the green, slick lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 281, "data": "Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain. One day, he shouted down the mountain, \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" When people ran up the mountain to rescue him, he smiled and said, \"Without a wolf, I lied to you!\" Lied people again. On this day, the wolf really came. The sheep-raising child shouted in shock: \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" But no one came to save him. As a result, the wolf killed several sheep. Since then, he never lied again. On this day, the wolf really came. The sheep-raising child shouted in shock: \"The wolf is here!"}, {"nb": 282, "data": "The colorful blood I do n\u2019t know who threw the broken glass on the road, causing dozens of earthworms to be stabbed while crossing the road, and he was in a coma because of too much bleeding and the situation was very serious. The animals sent the earthworm to the hospital for rescue. Rescue requires a lot of blood, but the blood bank inventory is not enough, so we have to call on the animals to donate blood. A long squid quickly swam to the beach to donate blood, but the green blood was flowing out of the thief, and it was not used. \"Look at me.\" The transparent prawn got out of the water and bravely extended his arm. As a result, its blood was pale cyan, and it could not be used. Both the sea crab and the hair crab came to donate blood, and the results were pale green blood. A field snail came too, and its blood was like milk, and it was useless. Tian Luo's cousin is a snail, and his blood is light blue. The blood of small animals is really colorful! The animals sent the earthworm to the hospital for rescue."}, {"nb": 283, "data": "An unskilled bunny mother has four children. One day, she assigned an assignment to her four children, gave each child a piece of paper, and asked them to use their own brains to use this paper to do a meaningful thing. Xiao gray got a writing brush to write on the paper. Xiao Qing was behind him, thinking: I don't know how to write, but to do something else. Xiao Hong kneels on the ground and draws on paper. Xiaoqing looked at it and thought: I can't paint well, let's do something else. Xiao Hei has folded a paper into a bird. Xiaoqing looked at it and thought: I still can't break it, there is nothing I can do. As a result, Xiao Qingdong took a look, Xi looked at her, and when her mother came to check it, nothing was done ... Xiao Qing looked at it and thought: I still can't break it, there is nothing I can do."}, {"nb": 284, "data": "Why is the monkey 's ass red? Children who understand the monkey know that it has a red ass. Some people say that its butt is hairless, and it likes to sit, so its ass is red. This statement is incorrect. Monkeys, like humans, have blood vessels in their bodies. And there are many blood vessels on its ass, and the color of blood is exposed, so the monkey's ass is red. And there are many blood vessels on its ass, and the color of blood is exposed, so the monkey's ass is red."}, {"nb": 285, "data": "Bees and butterflies In the morning, the weather was particularly sunny. The little bee said goodbye to her mother and went to the garden to collect honey. The garden is full of flowers and the little bee is so happy that it sings buzzingly while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"Little bee with eyes, you look so ugly, what are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee listened and came home sadly. The mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's the matter with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful. The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey again. The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful, you can't just look at the appearance, you have to see if you can help others do things!"}, {"nb": 286, "data": "Encounter of a monkey A monkey cleverly climbed to a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make all kinds of comments. The rabbit said, \"It's ugly to look at the monkey's tail, like a dead branch!\" The weasel said, \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red sores, it's disgusting!\" The dog said, \"The monkey is so thin and the tree climbs so Quickly, it must be an expert at stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who spoke,\" Monkeys are very good at climbing trees! You don't climb trees. It doesn't matter. It's not good to always look for the disadvantages of others. This is not good. You go home and look in the mirror to see what's wrong with you! \"Said the dog.\" The monkey is so thin and the tree climbs so fast. It must be an expert at stealing things."}, {"nb": 287, "data": "The hands of Grandpa Earth and the little monkey and bunny are good friends. One day, they were playing under the tree, jumping, singing, so happy! After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches.\" Yeah, the peaches on the tree are big and red. They must be delicious. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick some peaches for us, okay?\" The father monkey didn't answer, and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves. The little rabbit said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!\" The monkey father smiled and said, \"Don't thank me, this is the help of Grandpa Earth.\" The little monkey felt strange: \"How can Grandpa Earth help?\" Little Rabbit also said : \"Yeah, how can Grandpa Earth help? He has no hands.\" Grandpa Earth spoke: \"No, I have a hand, and I have a lot of strength, so that ripe peaches can fall down, and they can be kicked. The football in the air fell ... my hand is the gravity that you can't see. \"Grandpa Earth had just finished, and a few peaches fell from the tree again. He has no hands."}, {"nb": 288, "data": "The crow who loves to listen to good things one day, the fox doesn't eat for a day, and his stomach is very hungry. It saw the crow flying in the sky and thought, \"How can I eat a crow?\" The fox pretended to smile, and said to the crow, \"Miss Crow, you are getting more and more beautiful. The walking posture is more beautiful than a peacock!\" The crow loves to be told that it is beautiful, so it flies down and walks up and down before the fox. The fox pretended to be concerned and said, \"Miss Crow, why do you have so few clothes to spend the winter?\" The crow said, \"I just warm my head under the wings!\" The fox said, \"You are so smart! But what about the head? How about digging under the wings? \"The crow was so happy after hearing so much good words. It said, \"I'll drill it for you.\" Then he drilled his head under the wings. The crow 's head had just penetrated into its wings, and the fox said \"What a good thing! What a good thing!\" He rushed up and ate the crow. The crow 's head had just penetrated into its wings, and the fox said \"How good!\""}, {"nb": 289, "data": "Two wheat grains Two wheat grains-one barley and one wheat-were dragged into the hole by the ants and stored. \"It's over,\" barley kernels said to the wheat kernels, \"we were thrown alone in this dark cave, and we've lost hope for life forever.\" \"No,\" wheat kernels said, \"hope is there, there's air here , Moisture, if you want to germinate and grow, it is only the sun. As long as the ants don't eat us, we can use the last effort, maybe we can arch out of the ground and find the sun. \"Barley kernels shook his head, with a crying cavity Say, \"Take it down! It's at least three feet away from the ground. Isn't it your dream to get out of the ground by your little body?\" Because the barley kernels wept all day, his body was moldy. Vigorous wheat kernels began to germinate and grow ... One day, the ant went to his warehouse to check the grain, and found that the moldy barley kernels and the germinated wheat kernels were inedible, and they were sent out of the hole as garbage and thrown away. Already. Barley kernels vanish at first sight. The wheat kernels are rooted in the soil against the sun and grow into a green wheat seedling. As long as faith does not die, opportunities will always exist. One day, the ant came to his warehouse to check the grains and found that the moldy barley grains and the germinated wheat grains were no longer edible, so they were thrown out of the hole as garbage and thrown away."}, {"nb": 290, "data": "In my painting classroom there is a \"small grass green\" garden. This is the poster for our class. The teacher said that the pictures and diaries in the posters were like small grasses, and they would thrive. I drew pictures for our posters and added a little green to \"Little Grass Green\". When I paint the sun, flowers and trees cannot be separated from the sun, so that the grass here grows more lush. I draw the woods again. The woods can block the wind and sand, and the air will become fresher. I will draw a modern garbage cleaning station to clean up the garbage and create a more beautiful environment. Do you say that I paint these paintings beautifully? In my painting classroom there is a \"small grass green\" garden. This is the poster for our class."}, {"nb": 291, "data": "The spring of willows is here, and shoots burst from the branches of the willows, which flutter in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together. When Xiaojun saw that the wicker was very beautiful, he folded it and played with it. At this moment, Xiaofang saw hurriedly and said, \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated hard by the gardener Berber, and are for everyone to appreciate. We must love it and cannot damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with shame: \"I will never pick flowers and plants again and again.\" At this moment, Xiaofang saw hurriedly and said, \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated hard by the gardener uncle Berber and are for everyone to appreciate."}, {"nb": 292, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. The monkey then realized that he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself, \"It's not right to believe others, but it's easier to be deceived by others!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother monkey, you plant Those watermelon and melon will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!"}, {"nb": 293, "data": "The little hen planted rice one day, and the little hen found some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Would you like to grow rice with me?\" Said the duckling. \"It's too hard to grow rice. I'm afraid to bend over!\" The hen had to grow rice herself. When the seedlings were tall, the little hen asked the kitten, \"Would you like to weed with me?\" The kitten said, \"The weed is too hard. I'm afraid of foaming in the hands!\" The little hen had to weed itself. When the rice is ripe, the little hen asks the piglet: \"Would you like to collect rice with me?\" The piglet said, \"It's too hard to collect rice. I'm afraid I'll get covered with dirt!\" The little hen had to collect the rice herself. The little hen made the rice into rice to make sweet and sweet white rice. To the duckling, the duckling lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"Next year we will grow rice with you!\" The hen planted rice one day, and the hen found some rice."}, {"nb": 294, "data": "Little bears, I look forward to the New Year, I can eat New Year's Eve, I can get small gifts, and I have new clothes for the New Year. I hope I ca n\u2019t reach it, so anxious that the bears will turn around. I pat my head so hard that the calendar turns slowly. Since then a few pages a day, the calendar has just turned summer. I pat my head so hard that the calendar turns slowly."}, {"nb": 295, "data": "Rainy night tick! Tick \u200b\u200b\u2014\u2014 light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang \u2014\u2014 bang bang \u2014\u2014! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang \u2014\u2014! Someone is knocking at the door. \"Ruby, are you home?\" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. \"Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!\" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. \"Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!\" Totti said cheerfully. \"But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain.\" Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. \"Oh! No no no, look-\" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, \"We can listen to the rain and sing together!\" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the small room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain, and happily sang, \"Let's listen to the rain, ticking, ticking is so nice ...\" How he wished that he could float with Totti at the moment. Take a walk on the floral field and watch the moon!"}, {"nb": 296, "data": "The kite flew up into the sky and was very happy. He proudly said to the little swallow: \"Look, I also fly to the sky. I fly higher than you! The little swallow patted his wings and said,\" Did you fly up by yourself? \" \"The kite shook his head and said,\" No, it was Uncle Feng who sent me to the sky. \" After saying that, the kite flew away in embarrassment. He proudly said to the little swallow, \"Look, I also flew into the sky.\""}, {"nb": 297, "data": "One day after Swift, Swift was hunting for a pest, and the peacock stopped and shouted it, saying proudly: \"Hey! Look at how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed, and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, you only show yourself when there are a lot of people.\" The peacock listened, and walked away with a red face. You see how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all."}, {"nb": 298, "data": "In the clear stream, there is a crooked stream in front of the bunny's house. The stream is clear and bright, and it can reflect the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened. The bunny walked and saw tall elephants and fat wild boars. They were breathing heavily, using all their strength to compete against a thick tree near the creek, and trying to compare who's strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as they ran, \"Hurry up! You loosened the soil, and the soil fell into the stream, and we have no more clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed, and he knew everything was wrong, so he planted the tree back together. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky. You loosened the dirt, and the dirt fell into the stream, and we ran out of clean water!"}, {"nb": 299, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small trees are budding. The little horse came and stepped down the grass. The little bear came and shook the little tree. Here comes the little monkey, plucking the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends, please go away.\" The bird came, caught the bugs, the bees came, and passed pollen. Here comes the child, watering it. The flowers and trees laughed and said, \"We all like this friend, and you stay.\" The flowers and trees laughed and said, \"We all like this friend, and you stay.\""}, {"nb": 300, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on a bench and eating snowballs with a big mouthful. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and snow flakes fell down one after another. \"I am Father Snow, you are welcome to come here.\" Masha came to Father Snow-the house made of ice, the wall with snowflakes embedded in it, and the bed was covered with snow mattresses. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Snow-white father-in-law said, \"I still have something wonderful here!\" Snow-white father raised the snow mattress, a piece of green wheat! Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it underneath?\" Snow-white father smiled: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter! The pests in the ground came across me and could not stand the cold, and they froze to death. Now. \"Oh, that's it. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly. She seemed to see spring when the wheat was heading and blooming. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!"}, {"nb": 301, "data": "My favorite denim jacket I like the little Deer Bana brand jeans. This denim is made of blue and white. The collar is semi-circular. The blue and white background is embroidered with two small yellow flowers. It is very beautiful. There are two pockets on the chest. There are two small red flowers, which look even more beautiful. In the middle of the clothes, there was a straight red zipper. In the lower part of the pocket is a cute Snoopy. It is wearing a purple sportswear with the number 3 written on it. It has a ball in its hand, a purple hat on its head, and a pair of black and white sneakers on its feet. The eyes are dark and small, like two little black beans. There are also two thin and long eyebrows on the eyes. A long nose is tilted outwards, and there is a small black nose on it. The corners of her mouth are tilted upwards, as if smiling at me. This denim jacket is stretchy. It is most suitable to wear it in spring and autumn. I really like this jeans! Because I look very spirited in it. This denim is made of blue and white. The collar is semi-circular. The blue and white background is embroidered with two small yellow flowers. It is very beautiful. There are two pockets on the chest. There are two small red flowers, which look even more beautiful."}, {"nb": 302, "data": "Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river."}, {"nb": 303, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic."}, {"nb": 304, "data": "When Kong Rong was a child, he used to buy pears at home. The pears were sweet and sweet. Everyone was rushing to get the big ones. But Kong Rong always took the smallest one. The father asked him why he wanted to take the younger, and he replied, \"Because I am young, of course I should take the younger, and leave the older one for my brother to eat.\" The father listened and praised him for being polite. The father asked him why he wanted to take the smaller ones, and he replied, \"Because I am young, of course I should take the smaller ones, and leave the older ones for my brother to eat.\""}, {"nb": 305, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said: \"You remember, the tomato leaves cannot be eaten, you must eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I am so happy to have learned so much today!\" Bear will eat the roots of cabbage."}, {"nb": 306, "data": "In the early winter morning, a thick white mist. The towers and hills in the distance were gone. The fields and woods in the immediate vicinity are separated by a layer of veil, which is unclear. The sun like a red ball slowly rises and emits a faint light, not dazzling at all. The crops in the field have been collected, and people are busy collecting cabbage in the garden. The fog dispersed slowly and the sun shone out. The towers and hills in the distance can be seen. The fields and woods nearby were also clearly seen. There are many big persimmons hanging on the persimmon tree, like red lanterns one by one. There was a thick layer of yellow leaves in the woods. Only the pine and cypress trees were not afraid of the cold, but still green. The sun like a red ball slowly rises and emits a faint light, not dazzling at all."}, {"nb": 307, "data": "Brave and clever A little squirrel and three little kangaroos are playing under a fruit tree. The mother kangaroo is watching them not far away. Suddenly, a wicked wolf got out of the woods. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time. The evil wolf drooled and swooped at it. \"Oh!\" Something hit the head of the old wolf, and the evil wolf opened his mouth wide and looked up. \"Oh!\" Another thing caught his throat, the wolf was frightened, thinking it was the hunter's bullet, and ran away with his tail in his hands. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is brave!\" The little kangaroo said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so smart!\" After hearing this, the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf."}, {"nb": 308, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bee is really hardworking and came to the garden early in the morning to collect nectar. It flies in and out of flowers to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee, \"Let's take a break, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"It's noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big flower clock here Ah! \"The bee glanced around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower pan. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one kind of flower was opening. Lark said: \"This kind of flower is called noon flower. She only blooms at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!\" The bee asked: \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory usually blooms at four, rose at five, rose at 6 o'clock, peony at seven, lotus At eight o'clock, at ten o'clock is Banzhilian. \"\" Without an alarm clock, the circadian clock in their bodies wakes them up! \"\" I have learned another way to master time! \"Said the bee happily. Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory generally blooms at four o'clock, flowering rose at five o'clock, and sunflower flowers at six o'clock. At seven o'clock, the lotus blooms at eight o'clock, and at ten o'clock is Banzhilian."}, {"nb": 309, "data": "What is the New Year I had a dream, I was on a spaceship to travel. I asked the stars: \"What is New Year?\" The stars whispered, \"New Year is new clothes and hats.\" Moon said aloud, \"New Year is candy and toys.\" The sun smiled and said, \"New Year is happy, New Year is progress. \"I see. New year is here, and I'm one year older. I will be more sensible and capable! \"The stars whispered,\" The new year is new clothes and hats."}, {"nb": 310, "data": "Uncle Gray Cat \"Xiu Xiu\" gave me a little cat named \"Xiu Xiu\". From a distance, \"Xiu Xiu\" looks like a majestic little tiger: a pair of sparkling eyes are embedded on his face, and a long beard is grown near the corner of his mouth; a gray hair feels very comfortable to touch; The long tail is always tilted upwards. So cute ! \"Xiu Xiu\" is a good mouse trap. One night I found \"Xiuxiu\" hiding near a mouse's hole in the corner. After a while, a big mouse came out of the hole and \"Xiu Xiu\" swooped on. Unexpectedly the mouse screamed and ran away from \"Xiu Xiu\" 's paw. \"Xiu Xiu\" Where would you let it go! \"\u564c, \u564c, \u564c\" a few times, then pressed the mouse under the claws. \"Xiu Xiu\" was not in a hurry to eat the mouse. I saw it tossed the mouse into the air, and the mouse ran away as soon as it landed, but did not wait for the mouse to run two steps. The front paws kicked the rat around, and it was a beautiful meal until it tortured the rat so that it would not move. One night I found \"Xiuxiu\" hiding near a mouse's hole in the corner."}, {"nb": 311, "data": "Listen Close your eyes and listen to the sound of the spring playing the piano. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of Baiyun's boating. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of the dew rolling over the heel. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of lotus leaves walking. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of the sun's anger. Close your eyes and listen to the blushing sound of maple leaves. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of orange lighting. Close your eyes and listen to the sound of summer saying goodbye to us. Listen Close your eyes and listen to the sound of the spring playing the piano."}, {"nb": 312, "data": "I know . There are white clouds floating in the blue sky. There is a small river in the valley, and the river flows slowly. Not far away is a piece of green bamboo forest, with flaming wild flowers opening beside the bamboo forest. How fresh the air is here! What a beautiful scenery here! What is this place ? This is my lovely hometown. Not far away is a piece of green bamboo forest, with flaming wild flowers opening beside the bamboo forest."}, {"nb": 313, "data": "The frog sat in the well. The bird flew and landed on the edge of the well. The frog asked the bird, \"Where did you come from?\" The bird replied, \"I flew more than a hundred miles from the sky, and I was thirsty. I came down to get some water to drink.\" The frog said, \"Don't say that. It \u2019s a big word, but the sky is so big, is it so far away? \u201dThe bird said,\u201c You \u2019re wrong. The sky is infinitely big! \u201dThe frog smiled and said,\u201c Friend, I sit in the sky every day. Here, I saw the sky as soon as I looked up. I can't be mistaken. \"The bird laughed, and said,\" Friend, I can't be mistaken. Don't believe it, you jump out of the wellhead and take a look. \"Don't believe it, you jump out Take a look at Iguchi."}, {"nb": 314, "data": "Spring silkworm is ambitious. Madam Curie is a person who devotes her whole body and soul to the cause of science and human progress. She devoted her life to researching radium, established a brand new radiology science, and became a pioneer of nuclear physics. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of spring silkworm. This is the character of Mrs. Curie that is moving. Spring silkworm is ambitious. Madam Curie is a person who devotes her whole body and soul to the cause of science and human progress."}, {"nb": 315, "data": "George and his small axe George got a small axe, and itching in his heart, he wanted to try the axe sharp but not sharp. When he ran to the garden and saw a tree, he didn't even think about it, he raised a small axe and cut the tree. After a while, Dad was back. \"Who cut down my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily. \"If I know who did it, I ...\" George lowered his head and said, \"Dad, I want to try my little axe. . \"Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He took hold of George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I would rather lose twelve cherry trees than tell you a lie.\" His anger soon disappeared."}, {"nb": 316, "data": "Little white rabbit wants to build a building, but I don't know which floor to live in. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother rooster, which floor should I live in?\" The rooster said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor. The building is warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day when construction started, the goat father came, and he advised the little white rabbit to lay the foundation, otherwise the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter. I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. Little White Rabbit's building was just finished, and it was raining heavily in the \"Booming\". The black soil below the building turned into mud, and the building fell down. On the second floor where the little white rabbit was to live, it broke to the east and one to the west, and fell to the ground. \"On the day of construction, Father Goat came, and he advised the little white rabbit to lay the foundation, otherwise the building would fall down."}, {"nb": 317, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance."}, {"nb": 318, "data": "Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. The peacock first ran to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you! I look the best, open my tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the myna came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you Let's be together! My mouth is the most clever. Whatever you say, I will say what you want to hear. \"At this moment, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen, \"What's your skill?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither beautiful nor my mouth good. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"A down-to-earth egg is more precious than playing with a hundred beautiful feathers and saying a thousand good words. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to live here.\" The peacock and myna listened to the farmer's words , Sorry to go. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to stay here."}, {"nb": 319, "data": "The ants were saved and the sky slowly darkened. The little ants were still playing on the grass. He said to himself: \"It's going to rain, I have to run home.\" After that, he ran to his house, but the wind was too strong, and the little ant was blown into the river at once, he wow Crying, terrified. Fortunately, there was a leaf floating on the river, so he quickly climbed up the leaf. But the naughty Fenger came to make trouble again ... The little ant was swayed by the wind. At this moment, Sister Butterfly flew up and reached out to help, she said, \"Little ant, climb up quickly, I Bring it home for you. \"After speaking, the little ant jumped to the back of the butterfly. The butterfly spread its wings in the wind and flew up and down. After a while, I sent the little ants home. The little ant's mom and dad said, \"You are really a good butterfly!\" But the naughty wind is making trouble again ... The little ant is swayed by the wind. At this moment, the sister of the butterfly came She reached out to help, she said, \"Little ant, climb up quickly, I will take you home."}, {"nb": 320, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, cheerful from morning till night. Their children are the most beautiful: blue, green, red, yellow, flower, white, and brown. Their children are the most lively, flying around and singing. Thousands of bird children, love the father-in-law tree mother-in-law. Thousands of bird children, love the father-in-law tree mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 321, "data": "In the scorching sun in the desert, the mother sand chicken was sick, and she lay down under a cactus and panted, saying, \"Water, water ...\" The mother sand chicken quickly helped her mother find water. It looked in the endless desert and finally found a small puddle. Xiaosha chicken was so happy that he could not afford to drink it, and quickly dipped his furry body into the puddle. The grouse's feathers have a strong ability to absorb water, and after a while they are full of water. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I'll send you water!\" The mother grouse stuck her mouth into the feather of the little grouse, and sucked the water into her mouth. The sand chicken mother smiled and said, \"You are really a sensible child!\" The small sand chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you also gave me water like this!\" \"The sand chicken mother stretched her mouth to the feather of the small sand chicken. In, suck water into your mouth."}, {"nb": 322, "data": "There is a small tree in front of my house. When winter is here, grandpa puts warm clothes on the little tree. The little tree is no longer cold. Summer is here, and the little tree opens a green umbrella for grandpa. Grandpa is not hot anymore. Grandpa is not hot anymore."}, {"nb": 323, "data": "Wu Mi borrowed books. Wu Mi, a famous historian, often walked dozens of miles to the book collectors in the county when he was a teenager. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, and halfway through the book, after reading the book, he returned the same way, sent the book back and borrowed another. Once, Wu Xuan borrowed a copy of \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" and said that after reading it for three months, who would have returned the book on the fifth day. The collector was dubious, and selected several stories from the book for him to tell. Wu Mi told it accurately, and the collector nodded again and again. The collector was dubious, and selected several stories from the book for him to tell. Wu Mi told it accurately, and the collector nodded again and again."}, {"nb": 324, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest."}, {"nb": 325, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket and prepared for winter. It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"It \u2019s cold, father of the sycamore tree, why do n\u2019t you grow more leaves, but you shed the leaves, and your whole body is bare. Are you afraid of cold in winter The sycamore tree laughed and said, \"Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter!\" The little squirrel asked in surprise: \"So, the leaves grow because they are afraid of heat?\" \"No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, it's very important! \"\" So ... \"The little squirrel didn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again and again: \"Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit moisture, the autumn is dry, and the roots drink less water. When the leaves are emitted, we will die if we lack water, and the leaves are dropped to keep the water. It \u2019s better to live in winter. \u201dThe sycamore tree laughed again:\u201c Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit water, the autumn is dry, the roots drink less water, and let the leaves distribute, as soon as we lack water, we die. The purpose of falling is to retain moisture and make it better for winter."}, {"nb": 326, "data": "The ants and tadpoles are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have sweats on their backs and pulls. When several crickets saw it, they all laughed. The ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to enjoy the cool, some sing, some sleep, and all were free. When winter is here, the northwest wind blows whistling, and the ants lie in a hole full of grain for the winter. You are cold and hungry, and you don't look good anymore. You are cold and hungry, and you don't look good anymore."}, {"nb": 327, "data": "The color of autumn Millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Big said: \"Autumn is colored. \"The color of autumn,\" said Millet. \"Autumn is yellow."}, {"nb": 328, "data": "It's winter and it's cold. In the morning, as soon as I got up, I saw ice frost on the glass. \"Mom, come and see! This crystal ice window flower, some like coral, some like a branch, some like a hill, some like a pagoda ... The painting is so beautiful, it must be a master hand painter \"My mother smiled and told me:\" Child, this ice-window flower was painted by Grandpa Winter at night, and it was the New Year's painting he gave us. \"My mother smiled and told me:\" Child, this ice-window flower was painted by Grandpa Winter Yes, it is the New Year's picture he gave us."}, {"nb": 329, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big trees: one, two, three ..."}, {"nb": 330, "data": "Three monks have said that in ancient times, a lively and clever young monk came to a temple on the mountain. At the beginning, he diligently picked water. Not only was he enough to drink, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the Bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle were alive. Soon a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk over the issue of drinking water and picking up water. No one was willing to suffer, so the two discussed to lift water together. Later, another fat monk came. All three monks want to drink water, but they are not willing to pick more water. Within two days the tank had bottomed out. The willow branches in the clear bottle also began to wither due to lack of water. One night, while the three monks were snoring, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the little temple caught fire. During the crisis, three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly put out. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again. The three monks cheerfully held large bowls to drink water, and the willow branches in the net bottle were restored to life. All three monks want to drink water, but they are not willing to pick more water."}, {"nb": 331, "data": "Aunt found Dong Dong a small parasol. This little parasol is so pretty! The sky-blue nylon umbrella is printed with colorful balloons. The glittering umbrella stand can be seen by people. The most beautiful thing is the umbrella handle. The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing a pilot hat. The little girl is smiling at people! The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing a pilot hat. The little girl is smiling at people!"}, {"nb": 332, "data": "During the physical education class, Teacher He led us to play games. The whole class stood in a circle, listening to the sound of the teacher's whistle, and strode around the circle together. Suddenly, Teacher He shouted, \"Three people in a group.\" The students immediately held hands with three people. The whistle sounded again, the group disbanded, and the classmates continued to walk in circles. At this time, the teacher said aloud again: \"Five people in a group.\" The students then held hands in groups of five. When I saw Xiaocheng rushing to my group, I immediately said, \"We have five people. Go and find another group.\" He rushed to the other group, and the classmate said that there were enough. Xiaocheng runs around, I don't know where I should go. At this time, a scream of \"Come here! Come here!\" Came in the distance. Xiaocheng ran quickly and held hands with the group of students. The whistle sounded again, the group disbanded, and the classmates continued to walk in circles."}, {"nb": 333, "data": "Why do you need to paint lime on the trunk? We often see that the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on the road are painted white. This white substance is lime water. This white coating has a lot to offer! First of all, this concentration of lime water can not only destroy the pests and diseases, but also kill all kinds of overwintering eggs. Secondly, this white coating prevents frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in the early spring before winter. The trunk is susceptible to expansion and cracking when frozen. The white coating can reflect a part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, and the effect of the temperature difference on the trees is reduced. Thirdly, the white coating of the trunks not only has the effect of beautifying the environment, but also prevents the animals from eating on the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees. Why do you need to paint lime on the trunk? We often see that the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on the road are painted white."}, {"nb": 334, "data": "When it comes to what is the best, parents will always say, \"The obedient daughter is the best.\" Uncle Uncle who loves drinking will say, \"The wine is the best.\" Cong Cong said that knowledge is the best. Because knowledge is a key. Only with knowledge can we open the door to science. \"Cong Cong said that knowledge is the best."}, {"nb": 335, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family, who spent three spring and autumn with me and forged a deep friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird. Its appearance is very beautiful. It has a brown-yellow pointed mouth, a pink tongue, and its eyes flicker like two stars. The head and body feathers are blue and black, and the black hairs on the wings carry several long feathers. The feathers on the belly are snow-white; the beautiful long tail always tilts upwards. The head and body feathers are blue and black, and the black hairs on the wings carry several long feathers, and the feathers on the belly are snow-white;"}, {"nb": 336, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met."}, {"nb": 337, "data": "Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true. But without me, you are not.\" Hong didn't believe it, but she was even more proud. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately. Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow."}, {"nb": 338, "data": "Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors. In the morning, the rabbit borrowed a pot from the rooster. The cock said, \"Don't borrow it.\" In the afternoon, the duck asked the cock to help pick water. The cock said, \"Don't go.\" In the evening, there was a sudden strong wind and heavy rain. The roof of the rooster was blown off by the strong wind, and he was so anxious that he barked and jumped. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, and the roof was repaired. The cock looks at the repaired roof, and then the rabbit and duck, and the cock blushes. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof."}, {"nb": 339, "data": "Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick. Collia 's mood suddenly improved a lot. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia. Collia looked at the cute \"little face\" outside the window and smiled happily. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously."}, {"nb": 340, "data": "She quickly wiped a large number of matches to keep her grandmother. A large number of matches glowed intensely, shining as brightly as in the day. Grandma has never been taller and more beautiful than she is now. Grandma picked up the little girl and held her in her arms. The two of them flew away in a happy light, and flew higher and higher, and went to a place where there was no hunger, no cold, and no pain. A large number of matches glowed intensely, shining as brightly as in the day."}, {"nb": 341, "data": "Brave little hedgehog One autumn afternoon, the weather was fine, the little animals were having a picnic, and they just ate half. Suddenly, the big wolf came swaying, and said viciously, \"So which small animal should I eat? The little animals were frightened when they saw them. The flying ones flew away, and the flying ones ran away, leaving only the little hedgehog happy. The big wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele. Lele said to himself, \"Don't be afraid!\" It darted up and shrank into a ball and stabbed the big wolf with thorns on the body. Run away. The little animals returned, and they asked Lele: \"What if the big wolf is back again?\" Lele said, \"I'm not afraid of it! I can deal with it with the thorns on my body.\" The little animals admired the brave little hedgehog! The wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele, Lele said to himself, \"Don't be afraid!"}, {"nb": 342, "data": "Little \"Jimmy\" I like to walk. I have eaten dinner every day. I love to walk at my doorstep. Every time I take a walk recently, I always see a little white and white dog. The owner often calls it \"Jimmy\". The little \"Jimmy\" has aura. Every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I saw an old friend, playfully turn around me, and often raise my front paw to say hello to me. As long as I squat down and gently stroke its soft fine hairs, it will lie there motionlessly and look so docile. Little \"Jimmy\" When he heard the master 's shout, he would immediately jump up and return obediently to the master. I have always loved dogs, but since I met the little \"Jimmy\", I really want to own such a little dog too! Little \"Jimmy\" I like to walk. I have eaten dinner every day. I love to walk at my doorstep. Every time I take a walk recently, I always see a little white and white dog. The owner often calls it \"Jimmy\"."}, {"nb": 343, "data": "Animal ears The ears of chickens grow behind the eyes, where there are a small number of protruding hairs, and behind the hairs are hidden its ears. Its ears have only a small hole, and the bugs cannot get in, and the rain does not get wet. The dog's ears are very large, can stand up, and can turn back and forth, so it can hear sounds in all directions. The squirrel's ears are fluffy and very big. It runs around in the woods all day long. With such big ears, you can protect your eyes from being stabbed by branches. Look, how funny the animal's ears are! Animal ears The ears of chickens grow behind the eyes, where there are a small number of protruding hairs, and behind the hairs are hidden its ears. Its ears have only a small hole, and the bugs cannot get in, and the rain does not get wet."}, {"nb": 344, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? Mom has already gone to work."}, {"nb": 345, "data": "We have a lot of useful little animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let 's go and see the dragonfly first! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its body is thin and long, so slim. Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! You see, a little swallow is busy catching flying insects in the sky! The swallow wore a black tuxedo. The tail is like a small pair of scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it is flying low. Hey, hey, who is here? Oh, it's a little frog. It had a pair of big eyes and was wearing turquoise clothes and exposed white and white belly. It was lovely. It can eat thousands of pests a year. It is a good helper to protect the crops. There are many, many useful little animals around us! We must take good care of those lovely little lives! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch!"}, {"nb": 346, "data": "Why don't bats go to the meeting? In the big forest, there are all kinds of birds. They choose the peacock as the bird king. Bats also live in this forest. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came. It said happily: \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, you will come too!\" \"Me?\" Bat said with a smile, \"How can I attend your bird convention? I am a beast!\" \"You are Beast? The beasts I saw were all crawling on the ground. You have wings and can fly in the sky, are n\u2019t they like us? \u201dThe peacock was angry, and the bat hurriedly explained,\u201c My wings are different from yours .Look, there are no feathers on it! \"The bat opened its wings to show the peacock. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather. Suddenly \"squeaked\" for a while, the peacock took a closer look. It turned out that the little bat was crying. It was lying in the arms of her mother and was breastfeeding! The peacock is very strange. The bat said, \"Look, this is where we are different from you! My children were born as little bats. They all grew up eating my milk. Your birds are all eggs and hatched birds. Besides We still have teeth, and you don't have them! \"\" Oh! I'm wrong, sorry! \"Peacock said, flapping his wings and flying back. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather."}, {"nb": 347, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel."}, {"nb": 348, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs are closed with your eyes, will we not be the same as normal people?"}, {"nb": 349, "data": "Song Yan liked to read when he was a kid. He had no money to buy books and had to borrow from others. Every time he borrowed a book, he always said a good return date and returned it in time. Once, he borrowed a book, and the more he read the more he liked it, he decided to copy it down. He copied the book overnight, and his mother said, \"Child, it's midnight. Let's copy it at dawn. People are not in a hurry to ask for a book.\" Song Yan said, \"Regardless of people's urgency, they will return the book when the deadline is reached. If they speak How can you get the respect of others when you do n\u2019t talk about credit? \u201dSong Yan said,\u201c Regardless of people \u2019s urgency, they will return books when the deadline is reached."}, {"nb": 350, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn."}, {"nb": 351, "data": "The plum blossoms have a yellow face, and don't wear flower clothes on their bodies. The snow is a padded jacket, and the wind comes to lift your chest. The other flowers are afraid of snow and wind, but only the plums give off a scent. The other flowers are afraid of snow and wind, but only the plums give off a scent."}, {"nb": 352, "data": "Little book lover Bing Xin, a contemporary literary master who has been intelligent and eager to learn since he was a child, especially likes listening to stories. In order to encourage her to study attentively, Yang Zijing, who was then the superintendent of her family, said to her, \"Do your homework well. When you have finished your homework, I will tell you a story at night.\" \u8205\u8205 The first book she told her It's the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. The tortuous plot and the lively characters deeply attracted Xiao Bingxin. When I finish speaking, I always say it again. In order to be able to listen to the story of the \"Three Kingdoms\" every night, she studied harder and always did her homework fast and well. However, I often had something in the evening. I couldn't tell her \"Three Kingdoms\". Sometimes she stopped for several days, which made Xiao Bingxin very anxious. As a last resort, she had to pick up her \"The Romance of the Three Kingdoms\" to see, at this time she was only 7 years old. At first, she didn't understand most of them, so she swallowed the jujube, and looked at it scrupulously. Even if she didn't understand, sometimes she was mistaken by her. In this way, she slowly understood the contents of some books, she became more and more fascinated, after reading \"The Romance of the Three Kingdoms\", she also found \"Water Margin\" and \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" ... The mother saw her and couldn't let go of it, afraid she was too young She tried to persuade her to go out and play, and she refused. My mother had to hide the books, but I didn't know what to do. Those books were always found out unconsciously. However, I often had something in the evening. I couldn't tell her \"Three Kingdoms\". Sometimes she stopped for several days, which made Xiao Bingxin very anxious."}, {"nb": 353, "data": "Story of Madam Curie as a Child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who studied very intently. No matter how noisy she is, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates were singing, dancing, and playing games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, she was reading a book intently. My sister and classmate want to test her. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria. As soon as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed minute by minute, Maria finished reading a book and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates have never teased her anymore, and have been studying and studying hard like Maria. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Madam Curie. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates were singing, dancing, and playing games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, she was reading a book intently."}, {"nb": 354, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked the old cow to judge, and the old cow said, \"You two only see your strengths, you can't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. The camel grows tall and the sheep grow short."}, {"nb": 355, "data": "Little Monkey makes a call A little monkey has a phone installed in his house. He thinks: It's so convenient to invite friends to be a guest at home now. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. Dial the white rabbit's phone number first, and said, \"Hey, is it a three-flap mouth?\" Little White Rabbit was angry with him. He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat piggyball house?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the monkey: \"It 's too impolite for you to call. You don't know how to respect others. How can others come to be a guest?\" Hearing, he lowered his head in shame. The little monkey heard it, and bowed its head in shame."}, {"nb": 356, "data": "Interesting dinosaurs 65 million years ago, there were many reptiles on the earth, including dinosaurs. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong. Some dinosaurs are very large, larger than a dozen elephants together; some are very small, about the same as a chicken. Some dinosaurs fly, we call them pterosaurs; some dinosaurs live in water, we call ichthyosaurs; some dinosaurs are like cows, horses, eat only leaves and grasses, that is herbivorous dinosaurs; Some dinosaurs, like tigers and lions, specialize in preying on other animals. We call them carnivorous dinosaurs. There are hundreds of types of dinosaurs, and they look strange. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong."}, {"nb": 357, "data": "Back in the morning, the sun doll lifted up the blue quilt of the sea mother and got up happily. Look at his open red round smiley, and climb up! Climb, climb ... oh! The sun doll climbed high and very high, and it was so happy that the eyes radiated golden light. A strong sun doll loves walking by herself. He kept running from east to west in the sky. From morning to noon, from noon to afternoon, from afternoon to evening, he ran very tired and tired! When Grandpa Dashan saw the Sun Doll running, he praised happily: \"Good boy, you can do it!\" Then, he said lovingly: \"Let Grandpa carry you!\" \"Good grandpa, thank you!\" The child is even redder. Grandpa Dashan carried the sun doll. The little guy pulled on Grandpa's shoulders and grinned grinningly. \"Huh! Huh!\" \"Grandpa Dashan hummed in his mouth while carrying the sun doll back to Xishanwa! The little guy pulled on Grandpa's shoulders and grinned grinningly."}, {"nb": 358, "data": "Little cats Make friends Little cats visit grandma. A small yellow dog lies under the big tree at the village entrance. The little cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog barked, and pounced on the little cat. The cat was so scared that it turned around and ran, tripped over the roots of the tree, and fell into the mud. The eighth brother on the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach fire, and scolded him: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" Starling also said politely: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" You have to wipe your tears straight: \"Grandma, little yellow dog and my eighth bully me.\" Grandma said distressed: \"My little obedient, just blame you for being too disrespectful of others. If you are polite to others, others will treat you too Friendly! \"After listening to the grandmother's words, Xiaohua cat kindly said to the little yellow dog,\" I'm sorry! \"Xiaohua cat said to the starling brother,\" Friend, hello! \"Starling also said to the Xiaohua cat,\" Friend, hello! \" The little flower cat said happily: \"Grandma, I understand. To be good to others, you must be good to others!\" Grandma said distressed: \"My little obedient, just blame you for not respecting others."}, {"nb": 359, "data": "Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower? This is a very beautiful little flower, with thin petals, pink and pink. It is very bright. And the leaves are thin, like a package of green juice, tender. In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily. The sun gets brighter as the sun shines. With its face on its back, it seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look.\" In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and slept quietly. Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ... colorful sunflowers bloom, then they look good! \"In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and went to sleep quietly."}, {"nb": 360, "data": "One day, a boy was sitting under an apple tree, and suddenly an apple fell from the tree and landed on the ground. The boy saw it and found it very strange. He thought, \"Once the apples are ripe, why do they fall to the ground, but they don't fly to the sky, nor do they leave to the left or right?\" When the boy discovered this problem, he focused his research. Later, he finally found out that the secret of the apple falling is because the earth is attractive. One day, a boy was sitting under an apple tree, and suddenly an apple fell from the tree and landed on the ground."}, {"nb": 361, "data": "The walls \"sweated\" This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the walls of my house were wet. Taking a closer look, it turned out that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these small drops of water come from? Does the wall sweat too? I thought it was weird, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"This is called the wall is still wet, because the weather is hot and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" The walls are wet. Will it be naive to rain? I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun had lost its former power, and the sun was not so bright. But there is no dark cloud in the sky. How could it rain? This weather lasted for two or three days, and it really rained. I finally understood: the walls \"sweat\" and it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster! I thought it was weird, so I went to ask my mother."}, {"nb": 362, "data": "Fish, I am a fish, do you know my age? I eat much in spring and summer and grow fast; the opposite is true in autumn and winter. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds, and my scales will appear one by one. Just count the lines on my body, You will know how old I am. The opposite is true in autumn and winter. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different rates. There will be lines on my scales. As long as I count the lines on my body, you can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 363, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of the birds. As long as the feces of the little tits are stained, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but he is afraid of fire and red, and even more afraid of beating his waist. The bear has great strength, but it is afraid of being hit by the nose. As long as it slams the bear 's nose, it will not move. A crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not approach it. No matter what animal has its weaknesses, even ferocious animals are no exception. A crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not approach it."}, {"nb": 364, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with light yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers are falling, and jujube trees are full of young green dates. In autumn, Xiaoqingzao slowly turned red, and became a very large and large jujube. At this time, the trees seemed to be full of small round lanterns. My child and I stood under the tree and looked up at these red dates. How happy! At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees. At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees."}, {"nb": 365, "data": "Colorful Bridge Little Swallow is going to the Colorful Bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and nights, and never stops. It's windy and rainy, it's not afraid, it always keeps flying forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun smiled, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, what a colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun smiled, and the colorful bridge appeared."}, {"nb": 366, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. The squirrel said, \"Whoever gets the fruit in my hand first wins."}, {"nb": 367, "data": "Why don't bats go to the meeting? In the big forest, there are all kinds of birds. They choose the peacock as the bird king. Bats also live in this forest. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came. It said happily: \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, you will come too!\" \"Me?\" Bat said with a smile, \"How can I attend your bird convention? I am a beast!\" \"You are Beast? The beasts I saw were all crawling on the ground. You have wings and can fly in the sky, are n\u2019t they like us? \u201dThe peacock was angry, and the bat hurriedly explained,\u201c My wings are different from yours .Look, there are no feathers on it! \"The bat opened its wings to show the peacock. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather. Suddenly \"squeaked\" for a while, the peacock took a closer look. It turned out that the little bat was crying. It was lying in the arms of her mother and was breastfeeding! The peacock is very strange. The bat said, \"Look, this is where we are different from you! My children were born as little bats. They all grew up eating my milk. Your birds are all eggs and hatched birds. Besides We still have teeth, and you don't have them! \"\" Oh! I'm wrong, sorry! \"Peacock said, flapping his wings and flying back. It said happily, \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, and you will come too!"}, {"nb": 368, "data": "What is the Earth Hi, I am sitting in a spaceship to heaven to see what the Earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, and it was covered in flower clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert where the yellow sand is flying. It is like the waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-covered South Pole and the North Pole. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 369, "data": "The little fox and the little white rabbit The little fox and the little white rabbit live on the same hillside. Because they are neighbors, the little white rabbit and the little fox naturally become good friends. But the white rabbit mother did not agree with the white rabbit and the fox as friends. She thinks that the fox family is a liar. But the little white rabbit knew that the little fox was kind, but the mother was still ... In the days when the final exam was near, the little white rabbit had forgotten to review the time, and forgot that it couldn't play with the little fox for the time being. On the day of the final exam, Little White Rabbit entered the examination room for the exam. What was unexpected was that it had been half an hour and the little fox had not yet come. At this moment, the principal of the goat came over and said, \"Little white rabbit, your house is on fire. Come back quickly!\" Little white rabbit ran home quickly. At this time, he saw the little fox escaping from the sea with the white rabbit mother on his back. It came out ... \"It turned out that the little fox didn't go to the exam to save my mother!\" Little White Rabbit thought, \"He's my good friend!\" On the day of the final exam, Little White Rabbit entered the examination room. examination."}, {"nb": 370, "data": "Why do you need to paint lime on the trunk? We often see that the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on the road are painted white. This white substance is lime water. This white coating has a lot to offer! First of all, this concentration of lime water can not only destroy the pests and diseases, but also kill all kinds of overwintering eggs. Secondly, this white coating prevents frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in the early spring before winter. The trunk is susceptible to expansion and cracking when frozen. The white coating can reflect a part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, and the effect of the temperature difference on the trees is reduced. Thirdly, the white coating of the trunks not only has the effect of beautifying the environment, but also prevents the animals from eating on the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees. Thirdly, the white coating of the trunks not only has the effect of beautifying the environment, but also prevents the animals from eating on the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees."}, {"nb": 371, "data": "In the green boat in spring, the willows bend down and look at the pond as a mirror. The spring breeze blew gently, and the willow branches shook and shook. Willow leaves are more like bows, full of willow branches. In autumn, the willow bends down and looks into the pond against the pond. The bow was loosened, and the pieces fell down, like a small boat, swirling gently on the water surface, slowly waving. Go, go, the boat sails away. Small boats, small boats, come back early, and re-tie the bows with willow treetops. The bow was loosened, and the pieces fell down, like a small boat, swirling gently on the water surface, slowly waving."}, {"nb": 372, "data": "The lion and the fox The lion is old and unable to catch the beast, so he wants to live by means of tricks. He got into a cave and lay down pretending to be sick. Many beasts came to visit him in the cave and were eaten by him. Seeing his trick, the fox stood at the entrance and said, \"Lion King, how is your body?\" The lion said, \"My body is not good. Why don't you come in?\" The fox replied, \"Because I see many footprints. -There are many holes, but there are no holes, so I will not go in. \"Fox replied,\" Because I see many footprints-but there are many holes, but there are no holes, so I will not go in ."}, {"nb": 373, "data": "Mushrooms are lonely little pavilions. Only on rainy days do frogs come to hide from the rain. \"\u5471\u5471\u5471\", \"\u5471\u5471\u5471\", so lively. Father Sun smiled. The weather was fine, the frog was gone, and the inside of the pavilion was deserted. The weather was fine, the frog was gone, and the inside of the pavilion was deserted."}, {"nb": 374, "data": "The cloud girl in the sky likes to wear colorful clothes. In the morning, Girl Yun was wearing a white dress. In the evening, Cloud Girl put on red clothes. When it was going to rain, Cloud Girl was wearing black clothes. The cloud girl in the sky likes to wear colorful clothes."}, {"nb": 375, "data": "Look at the geese, the white geese is here: stretching their necks and flapping their wings, \"quack\" screaming, all white, with only a little yellow on the head and claws. The small eyes are slick, and the flat mouth is always pecking. It's so cute! I love white geese, but I hate its overbearing. It always relied on its own strength and strength, so that the chickens, ducks, dogs, cats at home were subdued, and if it was a little disobedient, it was forced by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats have become its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slaves\" can eat some leftovers only when it has a big belly, a round waist and flapping its wings to leave. Every time I see this situation, I have anger towards it shouted: \"You damn slave, now day and age, I do not knock your block off.\" I love goose, but hate its overbearing ."}, {"nb": 376, "data": "When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel. When the little white rabbit came and saw a peel on the ground, she picked up the peel and threw it into the trash can. When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel."}, {"nb": 377, "data": "Wu Mi borrowed books. Wu Mi, a famous historian, often walked dozens of miles to the book collectors in the county when he was a teenager. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, and halfway through the book, after reading the book, he returned the same way, sent the book back and borrowed another. Once, Wu Xuan borrowed a copy of \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" and said that after reading it for three months, who would have returned the book on the fifth day. The collector was dubious, and selected several stories from the book for him to tell. Wu Mi told it accurately, and the collector nodded again and again. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, and halfway through the book, after reading the book, he returned the same way, sent the book back and borrowed another."}, {"nb": 378, "data": "My little paradise This summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, asparagus, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught a lot of small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once. My little paradise This summer, my father built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, asparagus, cactus ..."}, {"nb": 379, "data": "Animal Moms Dolls Animal moms have various ways to bring dolls. The mother chicken always spreads her two wings and walks with her baby chick. The mother kangaroo has a big pocket on her belly, and the dolls are often packed inside, like a big cradle. The most interesting thing is that there is a fish called cichlid. The small fish doll often gets into the mother's mouth. Mommy 's mouth is the doll' s home. The mother chicken always spreads her two wings and walks with her baby chick."}, {"nb": 380, "data": "Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child. On the white paper, a sun was drawn with a ballpoint pen, shining on a small house. There was a stream in front of the small house, and a tall tree. A few strokes sketched a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who passes by here will stop and carefully look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. Not only did they look at this picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind child through this picture. Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child."}, {"nb": 381, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. It has a sharp head, small eyes and ears, very sharp teeth, and particularly long front teeth. Hedgehogs have short limbs, but they run fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short, dense spines. The hedgehog is an interesting little animal."}, {"nb": 382, "data": "The lion dominates in the forest. Specialize in catching small animals to eat. The squirrel said, \"It ate my tail.\" The rabbit said, \"It ate my little brother.\" The monkey said, \"I have to find a way to cure it.\" One day, the monkey said to the lion: \"There is a river The big lion is going to eat you. \"The lion went to the river and looked at it. Sure enough, there was a fierce big lion. It jumped up and rushed into the river. \"One day, the little monkey said to the lion,\" A big lion by the river wants to eat you. \""}, {"nb": 383, "data": "One summer evening, the crown wore herd by the lake. Suddenly, there were heavy clouds and a heavy rain. After the heavy rain, the sun shone red across the lake. The lotuses in the lake bloom more vividly, water droplets drip on the pink petals, and water droplets roll on the green lotus leaves. After the heavy rain, the sun shone red across the lake."}, {"nb": 384, "data": "Spring water is dripped little by little on a large stone. Stone said to the spring, \"You weak, don't touch me!\" Spring said, \"Do you say I'm weak? I want to make a hole in your body!\" Stone said with a smile: \"You really have Such a great skill? Then come and fight. \"Quan Shui said,\" Okay! Look at it! \"It dripped little by little, dripped year after year, and after many years, really hit the stone A hole. I still want to make a hole in you!"}, {"nb": 385, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see animals. The zoo is really lively and there are all kinds of animals. On the big tree, the naughty little monkey is swinging. Monkeys are very naughty, jumping up and down, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, the sea lions are performing their headers, and applause from tourists is heard from time to time. On the blue lake, two white swans are shaking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the birds flapped their wings and flew freely. The zoo is really lively and there are all kinds of animals."}, {"nb": 386, "data": "My favorite is rose flowers. The rose flower has a thin and very long stem with many small hard thorns on it. If you touch it, it will pierce you fiercely. The leaves of rose flowers are oval with many small teeth on the side. The most beautiful are the rose flowers in many colors, red, white, and yellow. Flowers of all colors are very beautiful when they bloom. The most beautiful are the rose flowers in many colors, red, white, and yellow."}, {"nb": 387, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. \"By the way, my pen is bad!"}, {"nb": 388, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good."}, {"nb": 389, "data": "The song written to Dad Dad is a strong man, who can hold me on my shoulders, I can look higher and farther, can hold me upside down, hammer my head on the sofa is fun, can hold me in my hand I feel like sitting on the sofa. I can pull the \"radish\" many times. My neck is tired but I feel very irritating. Dad is a big housekeeper, who manages this every day, does n\u2019t let me bring dirty bugs home, does n\u2019t let me eat without washing my hands, does n\u2019t let me watch TV every day, does n\u2019t let me write homework too close, he lets I mostly play with children outside. He made me stand up and do things. He told me to learn math well. He asked me to cross the road and watch from both sides. Dad is a funny pie, he chops up the window and says downstairs after eating every day: \"Oh, hello! Eat!\" He wanted to lie to his mother and me when he walked. Step, twisted his ass and twisted his legs, he wanted to make me laugh with my mother, he opened the balcony window and laughed and yelled when he got back a lot of drinks, and he patted his hands \"papapa\", my mother and I called him \" The wine lunatic. \" Dad works very hard. I have to be filial to him. Dad is a funny pie. After eating every day, he cuts in the window and says downstairs, \"Oh, hello!"}, {"nb": 390, "data": "Xiao He Healing Xiao He loves to be clean and everyone likes it very much. One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the river water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin, and flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner. The little rabbit asked strangely, \"Hey, what's the matter with you?\" Xiao He was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Is Xiaohe ill?\" Rabbit thought to her, or hurry up and see the wood doctor, Woodpecker! Here comes the woodpecker, and he takes a closer look and says, \"Your friends have stained the river, please find them for treatment Rule it! \"When the little rabbit heard it, he quickly brought the lamb, the puppy, and the pig. Everyone looked blushed, and quickly said to Sorry I was sorry. It turned out that they poured dirty things into the stream. How could the stream not get sick? \"Is Xiao He ill?"}, {"nb": 391, "data": "A white jade rabbit lives in the jade rabbit and its wish moon palace. It has a wish: want to make the moon like the earth, there are all kinds of animals. One day, he sneaked out of the moon palace, drove his little spaceship to a meadow, and saw bees and butterflies. \"Little bee, little butterfly, let me take you to the Moon Palace to play!\" Yutu said to them with a wave of hands. The jade rabbit brought the bees and butterflies to the moon, but there was no air or gravity on the moon, and there was no way for the bees and butterflies to live here. Yutu had to send them back. It seems that its wish has not been fulfilled yet. Children, now we must learn the knowledge well, when we grow up, we can help Yutu realize his wish! Children, now we must learn the knowledge well, when we grow up, we can help Yutu realize his wish!"}, {"nb": 392, "data": "Raindrops Countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In midair, heavy rain asked Xiaoyudian: \"Where are you going?\" Xiaoyu answered: \"I'm going to a place with flowers and grass. How about you?\" Heavy rain said: \"I'm going without flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow. \"Soon, where there were flowers and grass, the flowers became redder, and the grass became greener."}, {"nb": 393, "data": "On Sunday morning, Xiaoying took a bus to her grandmother 's house. There were so many people in the car. As soon as Xiaoying found a seat, she saw a gray-haired grandfather getting on the car. The grandfather carried a crutch in one hand and a bag in one hand, and coughed while walking. Xiaoying stood up quickly and said to the grandfather with a smile: \"Grandpa, please sit here.\" The grandfather said touchedly, \"Thank you, good boy!\" Xiaoying said, \"No thanks!\" Ticket auntie, car Uncle Shang, the aunt holding the child, the grandmother and the white-bearded grandfather laughed happily. Everyone praised her and said, \"This is really a good boy who respects the elderly.\" Xiaoying said, \"Don't thank you!"}, {"nb": 394, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open."}, {"nb": 395, "data": "Xiaohua 's family recently installed a telephone. One day, Grandpa was ill. Dad quickly dialed 120 and the ambulance arrived soon. Xiaohua asked his father: \"It's strange, why did you come by calling the ambulance?\" Dad told Xiaohua: \"120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service telephones like this, such as 110 is a bandit police phone, 119 is The fire alarm number, 114 is the number-checking number, 121 is the weather forecast number, and 122 is the road traffic accident alarm number. \"After listening to Dad's words, Xiaohua thought the phone was really useful. Xiaohua asked his father, \"It's weird. How come when I call the ambulance?"}, {"nb": 396, "data": "Whenever I go out in winter, my grandmother always wears her gray woolen cap. But today, she only wore a scarf. She said, \"A hole has been ripped in the hat, so I need to make up for it.\" I looked at the woolen cap, thought about it, ran back to the house, pulled out a pair of cotton gloves I had worn as a kid, and removed the top A small flower, compared, and found that it is suitable to put in the hole in the grandmother's hat! I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed. At night, I heard my grandmother's shout: \"Who helped me make up my hat? Beautiful and warm!\" I smiled secretly, this is my little secret, to hide in my heart. Whenever I go out in winter, my grandmother always wears her gray woolen cap."}, {"nb": 397, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flowerbed, there are several tall \"canna\" with a high fragrance. Its dark green leaves are like a green banana fan. Its straight and upright stem, dragging a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there were two pomegranate trees. They seemed to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted flowers, such as the icy winter that is not afraid of the cold, the pink rose, the green spider plant, and the beautiful begonia. It is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful! On both sides of the flower bed, there were two pomegranate trees. They seemed to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night."}, {"nb": 398, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, tomatoes ca n\u2019t eat the leaves, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so glad I learned so much today!\" Mother Bear said, \"Don't eat leaves To eat its roots, you remember that the roots of radishes are the best."}, {"nb": 399, "data": "My puppy must write about our puppy first, it \u2019s called \u201cPrince\u201d, it \u2019s the most beautiful and furry dog \u200b\u200bin our village, it \u2019s like a naughty boy, it can do everything, it runs It's so fast that I can't keep up with it. But \"the prince\" is very good, it is always waiting for me. \"The prince\" still laughs, but I have never seen him cry. I taught it how to read characters, but it didn't even learn a single letter, but it was quite classy. When I taught him to pronounce the word \"dog\", it barked most happily. It must be thinking, this is itself! \"Prince\" can still count, but only a total of two. It also hums and barks. \"What are you doing?\" I asked it as it hummed in front of me. \"Prince\" \"Wang\" shouted and shook his head to indicate that he wanted to go out. \"What else do you want now?\" I asked it as we stepped out of the yard. \"Prince\" called \"Wang\" again and ran towards the railway. \"You should finish it once!\" I ran behind it while being angry because I wanted to go there too. I even know what \"Prince\" wants to do there. It likes to run against the train. Every time it loses, it never cares. Whenever a new train starts, the \"prince\" thinks he can run and win it. When he couldn't run, he barked a few times. I don't know if it allowed the train to leave, or scolded the train. I couldn't tell the difference. My puppy must write about our puppy first, it \u2019s called \u201cPrince\u201d, it \u2019s the most beautiful and furry dog \u200b\u200bin our village, it \u2019s like a naughty boy, it can do everything, it runs It's so fast that I can't keep up with it."}, {"nb": 400, "data": "Blowing bubbles When I was young, I played a lot of games. One of my favorite games was blowing soap bubbles. In the rainy season, we can't go to the mountains and the seaside to play, our mother taught us to blow soap bubbles on the porch. She said that in rainy seasons, the weather is humid and soap bubbles are not easy to break. We put the leftover soap in a small wooden bowl, added a little water, and made and dissolved it to dissolve it. Then use a thin bamboo tube, dipped in the thick soapy water, and slowly blow it into a light and round bubble. A gentle mention again, the light round ball fell from the bamboo tube and slowly floated in the air. If you fan them gently with a fan below, they can sometimes fly very high. This soap bubble is very beautiful, with five colors of light floating around on the clear and transparent sphere. If it is well fanned, a large ball will also split into two or three exquisite small balls, scattered all over the place. Sometimes the blow is too big and the fan is too hurry. The fragile ball will be pulled long and round, trembling, and the light will be scattered. At this time, everyone was hanging their heads, holding their heads up, and holding their breath-before long, the multicolored thin ball broke apart silently, and turned into soapy water, and water drops spilled into our eyes. Everyone hurriedly lowered their heads and rubbed their eyes, tears came out. The individual balls were blown out carefully and carefully by ourselves. They flew up gently, so round, so free, so transparent, so beautiful. By the breeze of the fan, they flew to the sky one by one, gently next to the bright moon, crossed the Tianhe River, and went west with the setting sun. Or drifting across the sea lightly, flying over the mountains ... Watching them, our hearts are filled with joy, pride and hope. A gentle mention again, the light round ball fell from the bamboo tube and slowly floated in the air."}, {"nb": 401, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. The bunny thought for a while, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself, \"I heard that after the fox died, his mouth was always open."}, {"nb": 402, "data": "Xiao He Healing Xiao He loves to be clean and everyone likes it very much. One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the river water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin, and flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner. The little rabbit asked strangely, \"Hey, what's the matter with you?\" Xiao He was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Is Xiaohe ill?\" Rabbit thought to her, or hurry up and see the wood doctor, Woodpecker! Here comes the woodpecker, and he takes a closer look and says, \"Your friends have stained the river, please find them for treatment Rule it! \"When the little rabbit heard it, he quickly brought the lamb, the puppy, and the pig. Everyone looked blushed, and quickly said to Sorry I was sorry. It turned out that they poured dirty things into the stream. How could the stream not get sick? \"Little Rabbit thought to her, let 's hurry up and look for the Woodpecker, the Forest Doctor!"}, {"nb": 403, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water. The sparkling water waves flickered in the sunlight and the breeze, just like big eyes twinkling. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass, which looks far away. Like the Creator, the ground is covered with a thick green carpet. It is very beautiful. Sometimes when I am playing by the pond, I will also see a group of birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was full of red glow, and the glow was reflected on the water surface, as if a layer of red, transparent gauze was spread on the water surface. Night fell, and the crooked moon reflected on the water surface, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the water surface, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond! Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park."}, {"nb": 404, "data": "Save the eggs in the wind. The big trees were blown up and down. The little kangaroo went to see the houses of the partners. Did they get damaged by the wind? He walked under a big tree, and only heard the sound of hula, another strong wind came, a bird's nest was blown over, and several eggs rolled down. One, two, three ... The bird eggs fell into the kangaroo's pocket, the kangaroo's pocket was warm, and the bird eggs were safe inside. The kangaroo walked from house to house, and the partners' houses were very good. When he returned to the bottom of the tree, the wind had stopped, and I saw the mother bird flying from a distance. She was anxiously shouting, \"Where is the egg baby in my nest!\" \"Here it is!\" Said the kangaroo. The eggs are in the warm pockets of the kangaroo. They have already hatched a group of little birds. They stretch out their little heads and howl at the bird mother! The kangaroo walked from house to house, and the partners' houses were very good."}, {"nb": 405, "data": "Dandelion In the spring, a dandelion grows under the window of the Lele family. Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele Yellow flowers bloomed under the dandelion under the house window. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are beautiful, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will be very painful. When you get the result, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, The dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\" Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you, if you pick you, you will die of."}, {"nb": 406, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. Fox and crane It turned out that fox and crane were good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It put some soup on a plate and said, \"Please eat.\""}, {"nb": 407, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes were flying on the garbage dump. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the stinky garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a maggot when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. \u201dThe fly said happily with its hand:\u201c Haha, Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray pointed at them and \"bounced\" twice, and the mosquito flies were all dead. The flies said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquitoes, our flies family is amazing, We all have two names, a cricket when we were young, and a fly when we grew up."}, {"nb": 408, "data": "The snowman \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" Xiaohua took out his tools and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same house, and piled up the snowman. Xiaohua first piled a big snowball with a dustpan as a snowman's body. Xiao Hong took out the bamboo pole and inserted it into the snowball. This is her hand. So the fat body is done. Xiaoli piled up a small head with a dustpan, and it was bad for his eyes, nose, and hat. By the way, iron buckets can be used as hats. Xiaogang took out two small round briquettes and a carrot from his home, pressed on the snowman's face, and drew a curved line with his fingers under the snowman's nose, ha! A snowman has been piled up. The little friends all laughed happily. \"Xiaohua took out his tools and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same house, and piled up snowmen."}, {"nb": 409, "data": "When I arrived at school, I already had a class. Yuan Yuan blushed, lowered her head, and sat on her seat. Teacher Li looked at his watch and said, \"Yuan Yuan, you are 20 minutes late today.\" Yuan Yuan blushed, lowered her head, and sat in her seat."}, {"nb": 410, "data": "The male goose \"lays an egg\" remembers the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and still remembers it so much that I can't help laughing. That winter vacation, I took my big yellow dog to the countryside to walk home. A big white goose walked so fat that it shook. I stared at its big belly. It seemed like it was about to lay an egg! Let me urge it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere. The big yellow dog rushed over. I quickly held the big white goose and let it scream and press his belly hard. Suddenly someone \"stunned\" me from behind, and I stood beside stunned prisoner like a defeated captive. The big yellow dog waiting for the reward saw that the situation was not good, and ran away with its tail. \"What kind of ghost are you doing again?\" I hesitated a moment, and finally said it. He said, \"How can this goose lay an egg? It's a male goose!\" He, white tossing for a long time, really angry! The big yellow dog swooped over. I quickly grabbed the big white goose and allowed it to scream and press his belly hard."}, {"nb": 411, "data": "Tail Races In the forest, animals have to hold tail races. There are a lot of animals signing up for the competition! On the day of the match, the forest was lively! The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped into the pine tree and performed his own show-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped down from the tree, falling just behind the old monkey. The next contestants are oxen, swallows, capuchin monkeys ... After the game is over, the old monkey scratches his head and says, \"It's all a useful tail. Who should be the champion?\" He scratched his head and said, \"It's all a useful tail. Who should be the champion?"}, {"nb": 412, "data": "Qi Baishi is a famous painter in China. He cherishes time very much, never wastes time, and always insists on himself with the phrase \"don't teach a day to spare\". Once, Qi Baishi had his 90th birthday. He was too late to send the last guests away. At this time he thought that the task of painting today has not been completed yet, and he should finish painting before going to bed, so he took up his pen to paint. Only after his family repeatedly discouraged him went to rest. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be tired, so he advised him to take a rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday. He cherishes time very much, never wastes time, and always insists on himself with the phrase \"don't teach a day to spare\"."}, {"nb": 413, "data": "Plants also need to sleep Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also need to sleep. Red clover in the sunshine, three petit leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing energetic; at night, the three petit leaves were closed together, as if closing their eyes. In the bright sunny day, the leaves stretched out, looking happy and joyful. Night fell, and the leaves were paired together, and they slept beautifully. Water lilies, when they arrived in the early morning of a day, slowly opened their petals to reveal a charming smile. In the setting sun, the water lilies gradually closed their petals and entered their dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent frost, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep. In the setting sun, the water lilies gradually closed their petals and entered their dreamland."}, {"nb": 414, "data": "The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree. Little fruit tree, please be a guest. The raindrops were very happy, and they filled the little fruit tree with water. The green leaves of a small fruit tree grow longer and more. It invited the little bird to be a guest. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs. The little fruit tree is in bloom and it invites the little bees as guests. The little bee is very happy to help pollen the little fruit tree. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil."}, {"nb": 415, "data": "The child who counts stars At night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky. One, two, and counted down to several hundred. Grandma smiled and said, \"Stupid child, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and flickering, seeing the flowers, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, I can see See, you can count them clearly. The stars are moving, but not chaotic. You see, this star and that star are always so far apart. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Children, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa paused, pointing to the north The sky said, \"You see, the seven stars are connected like a spoon, called the Big Dipper. The star facing the mouth is the North Star. The Big Dipper always orbits the North Star.\" What Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night and got up to see the stars several times. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris. The child who counted the stars was Zhang Heng, who was from the Han Dynasty. When he grew up, he studied astronomy hard and became a famous astronomer. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris."}, {"nb": 416, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. In front of the village is a crescent-like river and a stone bridge over the river. The river slowly flowed around the village, and schools of fish swam around in the river. The clear river reflects small bridges, green trees and green mountains. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, looking far away, like a piece of green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay. Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village."}, {"nb": 417, "data": "When Bao Ying read the Jin Dynasty, Che Yan was tired of learning, but his family was poor, and his father was unable to provide him with good learning conditions. Without the money to buy an oil lamp, he could only use his evening time to recite poetry. One night, he was reading an article in the yard, and suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude. He had an idea, so he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket made of white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book. The story of \"Capsule Fireflies\" was passed down to future generations. He had an idea, so he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket made of white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book."}, {"nb": 418, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with light yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers are falling, and jujube trees are full of young green dates. In autumn, Xiaoqingzao slowly turned red, and became a very large and large jujube. At this time, the trees seemed to be full of small round lanterns. My child and I stood under the tree and looked up at these red dates. How happy! At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees. There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard."}, {"nb": 419, "data": "Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles Open Stores Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles want to open a small store. What kind of store should I open? They asked the elephant. The elephant said, \"I have a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippopotamus, and they said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with a big mouth!\" How about it? Mother Kangaroo tells them: \"I opened a newspaper shop and put the newspapers in big pockets. I can sell them everywhere.\" Brothers and sisters of the little turtles are sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brothers and sisters were no longer sad, and they opened a pancake shop. Let the sun bake its own back shell and spread pancakes on the back shell. Bake it, bake it, and it smells delicious. The little turtle's sesame cake was fragrant and crispy, and there was a beautiful pattern on it. Everyone came to buy it. \"They asked the hippopotamus, and the hippopotamus said,\" I open a balloon shop and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!"}, {"nb": 420, "data": "The Olympic flag is white in color and the five central rings are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red, respectively; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green, respectively. The connection of the five rings symbolizes the people of the world holding hands and connecting hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger. The colors of the two lower rings are yellow and green in turn."}, {"nb": 421, "data": "One day, a pig went to the stable to visit its good friend, the old horse, and was going to stay there for the night. It's getting dark, it's time to sleep. The pig got into the haystack and lay down comfortably. However, after a long time, the horse was still standing still. The pig asked the horse why he didn't sleep. The horse replied that it stood like this even if it was already asleep. The pig felt strange, and said, \"How do you sleep while standing? This is not comfortable at all.\" Ma replied, \"Ease, this is your habit. As horses, we are used to Mercedes. So, it is in When we sleep, we are always ready to run. \"Ma replied,\" Ease, this is your habit."}, {"nb": 422, "data": "Mom is a mountain, tall and stable. The mountains are beautiful and gentle. Mother is a mountain. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree. My mother loves me so much, she loves me so much. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares for the tree. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree."}, {"nb": 423, "data": "The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on her birthday. The silkworm girl sent her clothes made of silk. The monkey said, \"Thank you!\" The bee sent a bottle of honey made by her, and the monkey said, \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of big peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like peaches the most, but I don't accept your gift. \"The mouse walked away in a hurry. \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of big peaches, and the monkey said,\" I like peaches best, but I don't accept your gift. \""}, {"nb": 424, "data": "One day, the two husbands had a cousin eating noodles and a grandpa drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why am I without a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought for a while, and put some noodles in it On his lips, he said to his grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I'm old and I have a beard.\" Grandpa said with a smile to his little cousin, \"We have two husbands here.\" The little cousin thought. When I thought about it, I put some noodles on my lips and said to my grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I'm old and I have a beard."}, {"nb": 425, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs are closed with your eyes, will we not be the same as normal people?"}, {"nb": 426, "data": "The little pig, the lamb and the bunny discuss the bubble blowing game together. The piglet prepared the shampoo; the lamb prepared the detergent; the rabbit prepared the soapy water. They each took a straw and started to blow bubbles. The pig was blowing upwards, \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The lamb blew down forcefully: \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The little rabbits blow slowly, and the bubbles fly up to the sky one after another. The colorfulness is extremely beautiful. The little rabbits blow slowly, and the bubbles fly up to the sky one after another. The colorfulness is extremely beautiful."}, {"nb": 427, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, tomatoes ca n\u2019t eat the leaves, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so glad I learned so much today!\" Mother Bear said, \"Don't eat leaves To eat its roots, you remember that the roots of radishes are the best."}, {"nb": 428, "data": "Beautiful spring spring is so beautiful! Because in spring, the plants that \"sleep\" for a winter will spit branches and leaves, showing their fullness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed to spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"gray clothes\" and put on \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and put on \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The bunny said, \"We are the most beautiful animals in spring!\" The flower countered, \"Aren't we plants full of variety?\" Really, willow catkins are like cotton on the willow trees, and flowers are like flowers on the peach trees. ...... The forest plant kingdom is really Yingge Yanwu and Butterfly Wubee flying! \"Huaer countered,\" Aren't we plants in all kinds of ways? \""}, {"nb": 429, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float."}, {"nb": 430, "data": "The lively sika deer with long eyes ran in the woods, and a few vine leaves hung on its horns, and it didn't know it either. Beside the grove was a small pond, and a little deer looked at it, and a small tree reflected in the pond, with green leaves floating on the small branches. Look again, there are a pair of bright eyes blinking under the small branch! Fawn smiled happily: \"Isn't that me? I have become a little tree, and still have leaves!\" Just then, three beautiful little birds fell on the pair of branches. They jumped up and down and sang nice songs. The deer loves to move around, but now he is holding his breath and doesn't move, because he knows that the little bird is very timid. The little deer saw from the calm waters that the three little birds were so happy that they had endless songs. Fawn said quietly in his heart: \"Sing it, sing it, I'm a happy little tree, and welcome the birds to sing ...\" Fawn loves to move around, but now he is holding his breath, every move also Does not move, because it knows that the little bird is very timid."}, {"nb": 431, "data": "Story of Madam Curie as a Child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who studied very intently. No matter how noisy she is, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates were singing, dancing, and playing games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, she was reading a book intently. My sister and classmate want to test her. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria. As soon as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed minute by minute, Maria finished reading a book and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates have never teased her anymore, and have been studying and studying hard like Maria. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Madam Curie. Time passed minute by minute, Maria finished reading a book and the stool was still standing there."}, {"nb": 432, "data": "Little grass baby 's green clothes In our school, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In the spring, the baby in the grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl to add green to the campus. The campus looked even more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, when Sister Feng blew, the baby grass nodded, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 433, "data": "Watching the lantern festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my dad to the stadium to watch the lantern festival in excitement. Entering the door, looking at the past, the crowds of people, the entire stadium is like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, surrounded by daylight, golden and brilliant, so magnificent! I followed in the footsteps of my father and visited a variety of delicate palace lanterns, marquee lanterns, and crystal elephant lanterns. The more I look the more excited and the more I am curious. What I particularly like is the \"peacock lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like gems with colorful colors. The mouths of the \"Dragon Lanterns\" were closed one by one and spit out a string of pearls, as if living. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my dad asked me, \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look at it. It turns out that these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboos, etc. I really admire the production of these lights The designers of the lights, how clever and smart they are, how wonderful a bright world they make up with these gadgets! At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?"}, {"nb": 434, "data": "In spring, I buried sunflower seeds in the dark soil, and the seeds germinated quietly in the ground. Within a few days, the tender little buds got out of the ground. The longer and taller the sunflower, the more I had to look up to see it. In the summer, the sunflowers bloom, golden and bright. In winter, the sunflower seeds are ripe and they are full. In winter, the sunflower seeds are ripe and they are full."}, {"nb": 435, "data": "The child who counts stars At night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky. One, two, and counted down to several hundred. Grandma smiled and said, \"Stupid child, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and flickering, seeing the flowers, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, I can see See, you can count them clearly. The stars are moving, but not chaotic. You see, this star and that star are always so far apart. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Children, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa paused, pointing to the north The sky said, \"You see, the seven stars are connected like a spoon, called the Big Dipper. The star facing the mouth is the North Star. The Big Dipper always orbits the North Star.\" What Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night and got up to see the stars several times. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris. The child who counted the stars was Zhang Heng, who was from the Han Dynasty. When he grew up, he studied astronomy hard and became a famous astronomer. The Big Dipper always revolves around Polaris."}, {"nb": 436, "data": "Xiaohuazi looking for happiness There is a little black huazi who jumps out of her mother's arms quietly. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun, and asked, \"Are you very happy, Sun?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun smiled red and said, \"I give you sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It saw the little bird, Q: \"Little bird, are you very happy?\" The bird said, \"Miles,\" \"Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me.\" It saw the bee, and asked: \"The bee Are you happy? \"The bee\" buzzed \"and said,\" Yes, I am happy. I collect honey for everyone, and everyone likes me. \"It saw the frog, and asked,\" Are you happy, frog? \"\" The frog said, \"Yes, I am very happy. I catch insects for everyone, and everyone likes me.\" Friends are very happy, and Xiaohuazier is also looking for his own happiness. It floated with the wind girl, across the river, across the grasslands, and finally onto the snowy mountains. The snow-capped mountains are white, white trees, white houses, white roads ... Xiaohuazi stayed, it will open a flower on the snow-capped mountains. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really blooms a beautiful big red flower. The smell is very good. The scent spreads far, far away, white bears, seals, snow hares, walruses ... and adults and children all came. Seeing that everyone likes it so much, he said to himself happily, \"I'm so happy!\" When he saw the frog, he asked, \"Are you very happy, frog?\""}, {"nb": 437, "data": "It was raining for half a day at sunset, and in the evening, it became clear gradually. A splendid sunset rose over the sky, and soon it was covered with more than half of the sky. The sunset glow is full of shapes, some like male lions roaring in the sky, some like elephants stretching their noses to drink water, and some like sheep eating grass ... It's unpredictable, adding a bit to the tranquil sky Mysterious. Without knowing it, the sunset slowly receded, and the sky was blue. A splendid sunset rose over the sky, and soon it was covered with more than half of the sky."}, {"nb": 438, "data": "The black swan The black swan heard everyone saying that the goose is beautiful in the daytime, and thought, \"I'm not born black, it's born white!\" Hi ! If only one day I could exchange a feather with a white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. Taking advantage of the sleeping time of the white swan, it quietly smeared the ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, just as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced, \"You see, the white swan has become black, I have become white, the white swan is ugly, and I am beautiful!\" They laughed at the black swan. The Black Swan was puzzled for a moment. At this time, the eldest sister came over and said earnestly: \"Sister, we usually say that you are ugly, and that white swan beauty does not refer to your appearance, but to your inner heart. Usually, white swan thinks much for everyone, which is its advantage. ... you think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, wouldn't it prove your ugliness? In fact, what use is smearing and disguising yourself, it is not the original shape after a heavy rain. If you really If you want to lose your ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct the shortcomings. \" , White swan is ugly, I'm beautiful!"}, {"nb": 439, "data": "Washing the dishesTonight, after eating, I said to my mother, \"Let's rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mom said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Mom I happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where I placed them next to the sink. I put hot water in the sink first, dripped a few drops of detergent, and then carefully washed the bowl. I took a dishwasher in my right hand and a bowl in my left hand and rubbed it hard with a dishcloth. I wiped the inside out and then the outside until it was clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until it was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and cleaned each bowl thoroughly. In the end I put the bowls neatly in the cabinet. After all was done, I happily said to my mother, \"I have completed the task, please check.\" The mother checked it, and happily said, \"Baby, you are really capable!\" I listened, and my heart was so sweet. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and cleaned each bowl thoroughly."}, {"nb": 440, "data": "The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains. The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on the earth. Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful! Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful!"}, {"nb": 441, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter."}, {"nb": 442, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! In the first year, they planted radishes."}, {"nb": 443, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture."}, {"nb": 444, "data": "In the morning, the sun was shining on the balcony. My mother was quilting her grandma. Xiaofeng asked her mother, \"Grandma's quilt is not wet at all. Why do you want to dry it?\" \"The quilt has been exposed, and it will be warmer if the grandmother covers it,\" said his mother. In the morning, the sun was shining on the balcony. My mother was quilting her grandma."}, {"nb": 445, "data": "Frogs are famous insect trappers. They can catch two or thirty pests, including locusts, aphids, and mosquitoes. Frogs eat so much that one frog can destroy more than 10,000 pests a year. This little expert in catching pests is not small in protecting the growth of crops! Frogs eat so much that one frog can destroy more than 10,000 pests a year."}, {"nb": 446, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, one end bears bitter gourd and the other end bears melon. Bitter melon said softly, \"Sister melon, you are very sweet, and I'm bitter. People will like you more, don't like me.\" Melon said, \"No, sister Bitter melon. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I am a fruit. I can quench my thirst when we eat it. We all have our strengths. \"The bitter gourd was very happy to hear that they became best friends. On the sturdy bamboo stand, one end bears bitter gourd and the other end bears melon."}, {"nb": 447, "data": "Good friends of crops-frogs There are many types of frogs. The common one is the black-spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on the top of the head, and the vision is sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but not sensitive to lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth. The main food for frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth."}, {"nb": 448, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a maggot when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. \u201dThe fly said happily with its hand:\u201c Haha, Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray pointed at them and \"fluttered\", the mosquito flies were all dead. Flies and mosquitoes were flying around a bunch of flies, and I don't know where they came from again A flock of mosquitoes, flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump."}, {"nb": 449, "data": "Handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the telephone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, picked up a basin of water, put a handkerchief in the water to soak it, and then applied soap to it. Then I rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and I got a lot of foam. After rubbing it, I washed it again with clean water and wrung the handkerchief. Take a look and see! There was no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one. Handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the telephone was dirty, so I decided to wash it."}, {"nb": 450, "data": "The wind on the sea is the god of flowers. When she picks it up, she opens up thousands of waves ... the wind on the sea is a luthier, and when she comes, she sings thousands of songs ... the wind on the sea is a strong man. Just send away tens of thousands of fishing sails ... the wind on the sea is a lion, and when it roars, it sets off a violent wave ... the wind on the sea is a luthier, and when she comes, she will play a million songs ..."}, {"nb": 451, "data": "Xiaoming is sick Xiaoming is sick and he is lying on the bed to rest. After school, it was raining heavily, Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang came to classmate Xiao Ming 's home. Xiao Ming saw Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang coming and sat up happily. Xiao Hong took out a few books and gave them to Xiao Ming. Xiao Fang said, \"Xiao Ming, take good care of your illness, and we will make up for the missing homework.\" Xiao Ming laughed after listening. After school, it was raining heavily, Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang came to classmate Xiao Ming 's home."}, {"nb": 452, "data": "Beautiful campus I have a beautiful campus. Standing in the middle of the campus and looking out to the east, there is a large playground. We often raise the national flag, take physical education classes, do class activities, etc. on the large playground. To the south is a red building. We call it the \"Arts Building\". It contains not only art classrooms, music classrooms, but also a large library and reading room. The gate to the west of the campus is where we go in and out of school every day. There is a beautiful fountain in front of the school gate. The water spray from the fountain is so clear and clear that every time we pass by it, we can't help but stop. To the north of the campus is our teaching building. The teachers are spacious and bright, clean and tidy, and we study hard in them every day. After class, we went chasing and playing on the big playground in the east. On the path of the campus, there are trees and flowers, and I like our beautiful campus so much. The gate to the west of the campus is where we go in and out of school every day."}, {"nb": 453, "data": "Back in the morning, the sun doll lifted up the blue quilt of the sea mother and got up happily. Look at his open red round smiley, and climb up! Climb, climb ... oh! The sun doll climbed high and very high, and it was so happy that the eyes radiated golden light. A strong sun doll loves walking by herself. He kept running from east to west in the sky. From morning to noon, from noon to afternoon, from afternoon to evening, he ran very tired and tired! When Grandpa Dashan saw the Sun Doll running, he praised happily: \"Good boy, you can do it!\" Then, he said lovingly: \"Let Grandpa carry you!\" \"Good grandpa, thank you!\" The child is even redder. Grandpa Dashan carried the sun doll. The little guy pulled on Grandpa's shoulders and grinned grinningly. \"Huh! Huh!\" \"Grandpa Dashan hummed in his mouth while carrying the sun doll back to Xishanwa! \"Then he said lovingly again,\" Let grandpa carry you! \""}, {"nb": 454, "data": "The frog sat in the well. The bird flew and landed on the edge of the well. The frog asked the bird, \"Where did you come from?\" The bird replied, \"I flew more than a hundred miles from the sky, and I was thirsty. I came down to get some water to drink.\" The frog said, \"Don't say that. It \u2019s a big word, but the sky is so big, is it so far away? \u201dThe bird said,\u201c You \u2019re wrong. The sky is infinitely big! \u201dThe frog smiled and said,\u201c Friend, I sit in the sky every day. Here, I saw the sky as soon as I looked up. I can't be mistaken. \"The little bird laughed, and said,\" Friend, I can't be mistaken. Don't believe it, you jump out of the wellhead and take a look. \"The frog sat in the well in."}, {"nb": 455, "data": "The little crow loves her mother After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up, and it grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow was getting old and couldn't move anymore, so the little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind or a heavy rain, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west and from south to north. When it found what it had eaten, it came back and fed its mother bite by bite. The mother was full, and she ate it herself. How much the little crow loves his mother! The mother was full, and she ate it herself."}, {"nb": 456, "data": "Conditions There is a star in the sky, and no head has come out. The child has a secret that he has not told his mother yet. The child was sitting on a summer night, and the night breeze sent a sweet whisper. The child overheard one after another, and fell drunk under the high night sky. The child's eyes flashed longing, and the child's heart blossomed in the wind. The child has a lot of words to say, the child has a lot of words to say how to say. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you read the fairy tale written by your child first. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you look at the picture that the child painted yesterday. There is a star in the sky, and it has not yet reached out. The child has a secret that he has not told his mother yet. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you read the fairy tale written by your child first."}, {"nb": 457, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered For the first time I saw snow, I jumped and jumped happily. The snowflakes fluttered. I took off my gloves. A snowflake fell on my hand. Before I could appreciate it, it disappeared in a hurry. Mom told me that snowflakes are winter flowers. But I thought that a snowflake was an elf ... The snowflakes fluttered, and I stretched out my hands and started to make a snowman different from others. It has white eyes and a white nose, and hides a white scarf. Other children told me that the snowman 's nose should be red and the snowman' s eyes should be black. However, I felt that the snowman should be white ... The snowflakes fluttered. I took off my gloves and a snowflake fell on my hand. Before I could appreciate it, it disappeared in a hurry."}, {"nb": 458, "data": "One day after running the newspaper, my mother said to me, \"Meng Meng, what do you want to be when you grow up?\" I said, \"Like you, you want to be a reporter.\" My mother said, \"You should try to do A newspaper! \"I agreed happily. Started running newspapers. The newspaper should have a name. What is it called? Just call \"Small Rain\"! Raindrops can merge into a stream. Classmates often like to tell jokes and some interesting things. I write these down, isn't it a good newspaper? After writing, I painted beautiful pictures around the newspaper, and a newspaper was finished! Looking at my newspaper, I am so happy to mention it! One day after running the newspaper, my mother said to me, \"Meng Meng, what do you want to be when you grow up?"}, {"nb": 459, "data": "A mother-loving little fish is a doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; a little bird is a doll of the forest, he loves the mother of the forest; a little star is a doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky; He loves his motherland. The little bird is a doll in the forest, he loves the forest mother;"}, {"nb": 460, "data": "After school one afternoon, Wang Ming and Li Liang went home together. On the way, they saw an old grandfather coming over carrying a big bag. The two hurried over to help the grandfather get things home. The two hurried over to help the grandfather get things home."}, {"nb": 461, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. \"Little Butterfly heard her and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said,\" I have never seen such a small lion."}, {"nb": 462, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny."}, {"nb": 463, "data": "Millet said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red. I just let autumn air be red.\" Cotton said, \"Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I be covered with silver?\" Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and my blooming flowers are proof.\" Songbai said: There is no difference between Qiu and Xia, both are as green as me ... Autumn shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous is autumn? \"Sorghum said: Autumn is red, I just let Qi be dyed red."}, {"nb": 464, "data": "Big shoes swing A baby elephant is wearing four big shoes. Run and run. One of the shoes has a hole in it. The remaining three were useless, and \"thump flutter\" was thrown into the grass. Doodle bears, furry balls, and mouses play ball together on the grass. The ball rolled and rolled into the grass. The Baotou went to find it, but it was not found; the Maomao ball went to find it, but it was not found; the Dudu bear went to find it, but it was not found. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? So big and so round, there are three more. \"Whose shoes? Whose shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wanted. The Baotou put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing. It was really fun to go around. What does the doodle bear do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot and plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled mouse, the small swing of the furry ball, and the flower of the doodle bear, and opened his eyes in surprise: \"I didn't expect that my shoes could be made so much fun Something. \"Baby elephants also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled wheelbarrow, the small swing of the fur ball, and the flowers of the bear, and opened their eyes in surprise:\" I did not expect that my shoes could be made So many fun things."}, {"nb": 465, "data": "Once when I was appreciating the coins, I saw three Japanese characters \"Japan\" on Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said, \"In the Tang Dynasty in China, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan did not have a native language. When we saw the beautifulness of Chinese characters, we borrowed a part of them and created our own characters. Until now, there are still thousands 10,000 Chinese characters are used in Japan. \"Once I was enjoying the coins, I saw the three characters\" Japan \"on the Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father."}, {"nb": 466, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's Arbor Day The Arbor Day in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the sky, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the tree planting crowd in Tiantan Park, the 81-year-old grandpa Deng Xiaoping was particularly noticeable. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hands. His forehead was covered with sweat beads, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug. Grandpa Deng picked a strong cypress seedling, carefully moved it into the tree pit, and filled it with a few shovel. He stood a few steps and looked closely, and felt that it was not very straight. He continued to say \"No, no!\" He stepped forward and straightened the sapling again. A small green cypress was planted and stood there straight like a soldier. Grandpa Deng had a satisfied smile on his face. Today, the cypress tree planted by Grandpa Deng himself has grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in Tiantan Park. Today, the cypress tree planted by Grandpa Deng himself has grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in Tiantan Park."}, {"nb": 467, "data": "Today is a school open day and the campus is beautifully decorated. Many posters, pictures and calligraphy were posted on the poster boards in the auditorium, all of which were excellent works of the students. The playground, corridors and stairwells were covered with colored flags. Before the parents and guests arrived, the teacher said to us, \"Dear students, today is the open day of our school. The school is like a big family, and you are the masters of the family. Today, we have invited many guests, everyone must be polite, Have a smile on your face and entertain the guests warmly. \"The classmates all listened, showing a kind smile, ready to welcome the guests. \"The classmates listened and showed a kind smile, ready to welcome the guests."}, {"nb": 468, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull."}, {"nb": 469, "data": "Little Pigs Go to School Early in the morning, the father-in-law slowly climbed to the top of the mountain and shone the warm sunshine into the little pigs' rooms. For the first time, Robbie, Robin, and Roll did not wake up from their mothers, so they got up obediently. They put on clothes, fold their quilts, and wash their little faces clean. Because, today is a special day-Robbie, Robin, Rock, and Roll are going to school! Alas, why is Rock unable to get up? Look at him, hiding in a quilt with his buttocks, no matter what the father-in-law of the sun is Scratching his little feet, he refused to get up. Does Rock want to go to school? Father Pig is here. It pats Rock's head, and asks, \"Rock, why don't you get up?\" Rock lifted the quilt, revealing his tiny black eyes, and said pitifully: \"Dad, I don't want to go to school. Jerry's cousin said that going to school is not fun at all. He can't play games or toys. He is not allowed to talk or disturb during class ... This is terrible. I don't want to go to school.\" Robbie scratched his head and wondered, \"But cousin Jerry also said that he can make many new friends at school, and can also learn to sing, write, and calculate ...\" Father Pig said with a smile: \" Rock, haven't you always dreamed of being an astronaut? No knowledge is not enough! Love to learn is a good boy who can be praised by others to realize your dream! \"Rock crooked his head, thinking about it, Think about it right ... whispered, \"I want to go to school.\" Dad and its four baby pig. See how happy they are and sing while walking: \"Do la la, do la la la la la ... ...\" Well, why didn't Rock get up?"}, {"nb": 470, "data": "The color of spring rain Spring rain, it has come down! The sweet spring rain falls with the fragrant spring breeze-the soil is wet, the oil is black; the grass is wet, the green is green; the petals are wet, the fire is red ... What color is the spring rain ? The soil grain says: It's black; the grass leaves say: It's green; the petals say: It's red ... \u54a6? What color is Chunyu in the end? The sweet spring rain falls with the fragrant spring breeze-the soil is wet, the oil is black;"}, {"nb": 471, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"As soon as Luer came home, he ran into the grandma's room and called:\" Grandma, I brought you a gift. Look, this is sunshine! \""}, {"nb": 472, "data": "Today, my mother took us to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market! There are chubby bean sprouts, red radish, round winter melon, and tender bamboo shoots. My mother picked up a green, sickle-like vegetable and asked me what it was called. I replied: \"Edamame.\" The aunt who sold the vegetables smiled and said, \"This isn't Edamame. It's a sword bean.\" The aunt said with a smile, \"This is not edamame, it's sword beans."}, {"nb": 473, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked the old cow for a comment. The old cow said, \"You two only see your strengths, you can't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up."}, {"nb": 474, "data": "The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby. They keep quarreling all day long. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house. They were afraid of the other side eating too much, so they kept quarreling. When a fox came, it said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divided the bread into big and small, and fat and chubby said, \"It's not fair.\" The fox said, \"It's not easy. The fox took a big bite, and the big became small. Fatty and chubby still felt unfair, and the fox took a bite again. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating. Only then did the brothers realize that they were deceived by the sly fox and regretted it. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house."}, {"nb": 475, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a maggot when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. \u201dThe fly said happily with its hand:\u201c Haha, Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray pointed at them and \"fluttered\", the mosquito flies were all dead. Flies and mosquitoes were flying around a bunch of flies, and I don't know where they came from again A flock of mosquitoes, flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump."}, {"nb": 476, "data": "Whenever I go out in winter, my grandmother always wears her gray woolen cap. But today, she only wore a scarf. She said, \"A hole has been ripped in the hat, so I need to make up for it.\" I looked at the woolen cap, thought about it, ran back to the house, pulled out a pair of cotton gloves I had worn as a kid, and removed the top A small flower, compared, and found that it is suitable to put in the hole in the grandmother's hat! I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed. At night, I heard my grandmother's shout: \"Who helped me make up my hat? Beautiful and warm!\" I smiled secretly, this is my little secret, to hide in my heart. I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed."}, {"nb": 477, "data": "The little pig, the lamb and the bunny discuss the bubble blowing game together. The piglet prepared the shampoo; the lamb prepared the detergent; the rabbit prepared the soapy water. They each took a straw and started to blow bubbles. The pig was blowing upwards, \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The lamb blew down forcefully: \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The little rabbits blow slowly, and the bubbles fly up to the sky one after another. The colorfulness is extremely beautiful. The little pig, the lamb and the bunny discuss the bubble blowing game together."}, {"nb": 478, "data": "The beauty of spring girl is coming. Spring girl is wearing a flower crown made of colorful flowers on her head, and she is wearing a tender green transparent skirt. The tender green grass said: \"You girl, you are so beautiful!\" The girl said, \"You woven my skirt from green.\" The blooming flowers said, \"You girl, you are beautiful!\" You made my flower crown with petals. \"The willow tree by the river said:\" Girl Spring, you are so beautiful! \"Girl Spring said:\" It was you who dressed my braid with that soft branch. \"The flying butterfly said: \"Spring girl, you are so beautiful!\" Spring girl said, \"Without your beauty, how can there be my beauty? My beauty belongs to everyone.\" Spring girl's beauty Spring girl is coming, with spring flowers on her head A braided flower crown, wearing a tender green transparent skirt."}, {"nb": 479, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphire, and white clouds like snow are floating. They float leisurely in the blue sky, and a cloud changes its image in the air. Sometimes, the cloud resembles a little goat, and after running freely, it merges into the clouds soon; sometimes, the cloud resembles a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, Into a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some look like cows, some look like rabbits, and some look like chickens ... In the morning, the sun rises to the clouds with a beautiful gold rim, through the gap between the clouds, the sun shoots out The golden light shines in the wilderness, shining on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked. A few clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars when I walked. Sometimes the cloud resembles a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the clouds;"}, {"nb": 480, "data": "There is a sika deer and a golden monkey living in the forest than they are, and they both feel that they are more capable. Uncle Elephant said, \"I'll test you two. There is a fruit tree on the other side of the river, and the tree is full of fruit. Whoever of you picks the fruit first, even if you are good at it.\" Sika thought: \"I run fast, I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The golden monkey thought,\" I have the best ability to pick fruit from the tree. I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The game began. The sika deer hurried forward, and with a light jump, they crossed the stream. He ran under the fruit tree in a hurry, thinking proudly, \"I'm still good at it.\" But the fruit tree was too high, and he jumped and jumped. At this time, the golden monkey was blocked by the river and couldn't cross the river. It was in a hurry to turn around. Uncle Elephant came over and said, \"If you think of a way, you can pick the fruit.\" They understood at once. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream. The golden monkey soon climbed up the tree and picked the fruits. Together they gave the fruits to the elephant uncle. Uncle Elephant asked: \"Who are you capable of?\" Sika deer and golden monkey. Look at me, look at you, and laugh. Whoever of you picks the fruit first, even if you have the most power."}, {"nb": 481, "data": "When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel. When the little white rabbit came and saw a peel on the ground, she picked up the peel and threw it into the trash can. When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel."}, {"nb": 482, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest gave me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, which is a white cloud. The blue sky called for me to use white clouds as wings and turn into a flying white dove ... the sea gave me a blue greeting card, which was a blue shell. The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ... The sun sent me a red greeting card, which was the red glow of twinkles. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland! The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ..."}, {"nb": 483, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the stream and looked at it, he was screaming, \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh at a time), the magpie suddenly had an idea, and various colors and dyes were found in the jungle to make everyone dress up."}, {"nb": 484, "data": "Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick. Collia 's mood suddenly improved a lot. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia. Collia looked at the cute \"little face\" outside the window and smiled happily. Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon."}, {"nb": 485, "data": "A horse lost its way in the desert. In the evening, the pony was tired and he thought, \"If there is a drink of water, what a great thing!\" Just then, it saw not far away, and there were some bright flowers on the stones. The pony rolled up a flower with his tongue, how sweet this flower is! \"That 's all right!\" The little horse cried happily, and ate all the flowers. The next day, the pony finally returned to his mother. The pony told her story to her mother and told her that she walked back because she ate the flowers that bloomed on the stones. The mother said with a smile: \"Child, that's not a stone, it's a plant called a lithophyllum.\" \"That's the case!\" The pony understood. Just then, it saw not far away, and there were some bright flowers on the stones."}, {"nb": 486, "data": "The little fox and the little white rabbit The little fox and the little white rabbit live on the same hillside. Because they are neighbors, the little white rabbit and the little fox naturally become good friends. But the white rabbit mother did not agree with the white rabbit and the fox as friends. She thinks that the fox family is a liar. But the little white rabbit knew that the little fox was kind, but the mother was still ... In the days when the final exam was near, the little white rabbit had forgotten to review the time, and forgot that it couldn't play with the little fox for the time being. On the day of the final exam, Little White Rabbit entered the examination room for the exam. What was unexpected was that it had been half an hour and the little fox had not yet come. At this moment, the principal of the goat came over and said, \"Little white rabbit, your house is on fire. Come back quickly!\" Little white rabbit ran home quickly. At this time, he saw the little fox escaping from the sea with the white rabbit mother on his back. It came out ... \"It turned out that the little fox was to save my mother, so I didn't go to the exam!\" Little White Rabbit thought, \"He is really my good friend!\" But Little White Rabbit knows that the Little Fox is kind However, my mother was still ... In the days when the final exam was approaching, the little white rabbit had forgotten to review time, and forgot that she could not play with the fox for the time being."}, {"nb": 487, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peaches, golden jasmines, white pears, and red and red roses. They decorate the garden extraordinarily beautiful. They decorate the garden extraordinarily beautiful."}, {"nb": 488, "data": "How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic films for walls and roofs to shield them from the wind and rain, and to absorb sunlight. In addition, they need to be heated to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the midwinter years, people can still cultivate summer vegetables. How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables."}, {"nb": 489, "data": "In ancient China, there was a beast called \"year\". It has long tentacles and is fiercely abnormal. Every new year's eve it comes out to devour livestock and hurt people's lives. People are very afraid. Later, a fairy told people that sticking red paper on doors and windows and setting off firecrackers would scare away \"years.\" On New Year's Eve, people did what the fairy said, and it really scared them away. Since then, every year on New Year's Eve, every family posted red couplets, set off firecrackers, and the households were brightly lit and stayed up late to guard the age. In the early morning of the first day of the first year, I still have to go to visit relatives and friends. These customs have spread widely and the year has also become the most solemn traditional festival of Chinese folk. On New Year's Eve, people did what the fairy said, and it really scared them away."}, {"nb": 490, "data": "The pony has grown up. The old horse invited the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The ponies have learned and show the old horses the same. The old horse looked very happy, kissed the face of the pony and said, \"You have learned so many skills, it is really a good boy.\" The pony said, \"From tomorrow, I can help my mother do things, and I can go out. Do things for everyone. \"When the pony grew up, the old horse asked the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn cart."}, {"nb": 491, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward? . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. \"Saying, it bit the rope with sharp teeth and rescued the lion."}, {"nb": 492, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are in bloom. How beautiful the flower blooms, people take pictures of it. The flowers bloomed, how fragrant, the bees circled around it. The flowers laughed, but the flowers were happy! The flower laughed, and a flower became proud. It doesn't look at the green leaves around it. It feels that the leaves are ordinary. No one looks at it. It's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, this flower fell from the tree and left the green leaves as soon as it was hardened. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers can bear fruit. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves."}, {"nb": 493, "data": "On this day, the father called the three children to him, and said, \"Please fold each of these sticks!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately slammed, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied the three sticks together and gave them to the elder son. \"Fold it!\" The eldest son tried his best to fold this bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Children, you see, a stick is very fragile, but the three are tied together to become strong. In other words, as long as you work together, there is nothing impossible.\" The three children immediately A \"snap\" broke the stick."}, {"nb": 494, "data": "Brave little hedgehog One autumn afternoon, the weather was fine, the little animals were having a picnic, and they just ate half. Suddenly, the big wolf came swaying, and said viciously, \"So which small animal should I eat? The little animals were frightened when they saw them. The flying ones flew away, and the flying ones ran away, leaving only the little hedgehog happy. The big wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele. Lele said to himself, \"Don't be afraid!\" It darted up and shrank into a ball and stabbed the big wolf with thorns on the body. Run away. The little animals returned, and they asked Lele: \"What if the big wolf is back again?\" Lele said, \"I'm not afraid of it! I can deal with it with the thorns on my body.\" The little animals admired the brave little hedgehog! \"The little animals were frightened when they saw them, and all the flying ones flew away, and all the flying ones left, leaving only the little hedgehog happy."}, {"nb": 495, "data": "A lilac tree grows by the pond. In spring, lilac trees are covered with lilac flowers. No matter who comes to the pond, they must smile and take a look at Ding Xianghua. One day, a melancholy man came to the pond. He broke a few cloves and took them away. Some young people came to travel and washed their faces by the pond. When they set off, they broke a lot of blooming branches. After a while, the people who came to the pond never smiled again. A lilac tree grows by the pond."}, {"nb": 496, "data": "Washington cut down the cherry tree George Washington was the first president of the United States. He was a smart and naughty child as a child. One day, his father gave him a small axe. That little axe is brand new and brand new, small and sharp. Little George is happy! He thought that his father's big axe could cut down the big tree, can my little axe cut down the small tree? I want to give it a try. He saw a cherry tree by the garden, and the breeze swayed it, as if beckoning to him: \"Come on, little George, try your little axe on me!\" Little George was happy I ran over and raised the axe to cut down the cherry tree, and once, twice ... the cherry tree fell to the ground. He used a small axe to cut off the branches and leaves of the small tree, clamped the small stick between the two legs, held the small ax in one hand, and held the small stick in one hand, playing a game of horse riding and fighting in the garden. After a while, my father came back and was very angry when he saw the beloved cherry tree falling to the ground. He asked Little George: \"Did you cut down my cherry tree?\" Then Little George realized that he was in trouble, and thought, \"I must endure my dad today!\" But he never loved lying, so he said to his father, \"Dad! I cut down your cherry tree. I want to try a little axe.\" Father heard George's words, not only did not hit him, but also gave him a shot. Hug and happily say: \"My good son, Dad would rather lose a thousand cherry trees than tell you a lie. Dad forgive the honest child. However, he can no longer cut the tree at will.\" Little George Looking at his father, he nodded sensibly. \"Little George happily ran over and raised his axe to cut down the cherry tree. One time, two times ..."}, {"nb": 497, "data": "The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on her birthday. The silkworm girl sent her clothes made of silk. The monkey said, \"Thank you!\" The bee sent a bottle of honey made by her, and the monkey said, \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of big peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like peaches the most, but I don't accept your gift. \"The mouse walked away in a hurry. \"The mouse left dimly."}, {"nb": 498, "data": "Butterflies Gift Today, my good friend Wang Jing and I went to play after having lunch. I saw a butterfly resting on the flower and walked lightly. I reached out and grabbed it. Unfortunately, the speed was too slow and the butterfly escaped. But Wang Jing caught a butterfly. She said to me, \"I'll give it to you.\" I quickly said, \"Thank you.\" I pinched the wings of the butterfly with my fingers. I took a closer look. This butterfly is very beautiful, especially its wings, just like the flowers blooming in spring. I wanted to take it home, but I thought about it: butterflies also have life, and they should be allowed to live freely in nature. Thinking of this, I let this little creature return to the blue sky. At this time, I looked at my hand again, and the silver-white powder was left on it. I thought, maybe this is the gift that the butterfly left me. I wanted to take it home, but I thought about it: butterflies also have life, and they should be allowed to live freely in nature."}, {"nb": 499, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall."}, {"nb": 500, "data": "Naughty colorful light The sun-grandfather has seven naughty light babies. Their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. Colorful light babies drilled in the clouds and dyed the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. Enough they had played in the sky, they slipped secretly to the ground to play, they slipped onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face became golden golden. They came to the orchard again and clothed oranges. They ran on the grass and rolled, and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, and jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful baby has taken a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asks that they are coming in cyan, and they have become a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful baby came to the vegetable garden, the father-in-law of the sun called them home. Tomatoes and eggplants are in a hurry: \"Leave us beautiful colors!\" The colorful baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the colorful baby heard the father-in-law of the sun shouting again, he hurried to the sky, and there was a colorful glow in the place where they ran. \"The colorful baby kissed tomatoes and eggplants. The tomatoes had a red color, and the eggplants had a purple color."}, {"nb": 501, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10 Teachers' Day. Early in the morning I came to the school and saw all kinds of real and fake flowers on sale at the school gate. They were beautiful! I bought flowers and quickly ran into the classroom to lay out the blackboard with my classmates. When the other classmates are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. Unsurprisingly, the teacher came in an instant. When the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was shocked first, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this time, the class leader said a password: \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"I wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw the flowers on the blackboard. Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students themselves. The teacher was very happy and excitedly said, \"Thank you! Thank you classmates!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday. When the other classmates are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon."}, {"nb": 502, "data": "Who is the wisest to have a king give three sons one coin each. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw and did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground. He could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest? The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room."}, {"nb": 503, "data": "The pony has grown up. The old horse invited the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The ponies have learned and show the old horses the same. The old horse looked very happy, kissed the face of the pony and said, \"You have learned so many skills, it is really a good boy.\" The pony said, \"From tomorrow, I can help my mother do things, and I can go out. Do things for everyone. \"The old horse looked very happy, kissed the face of the pony and said,\" You have learned so many skills, really a good boy."}, {"nb": 504, "data": "Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain. One day, he shouted down the mountain, \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" When people ran up the mountain to rescue him, he smiled and said, \"Without a wolf, I lied to you!\" Lied people again. On this day, the wolf really came. The sheep-raising child shouted in shock: \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" But no one came to save him. As a result, the wolf killed several sheep. Since then, he never lied again. Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain."}, {"nb": 505, "data": "Watching the lantern festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my dad to the stadium to watch the lantern festival in excitement. Entering the door, looking at the past, the crowds of people, the entire stadium is like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, surrounded by daylight, golden and brilliant, so magnificent! I followed in the footsteps of my father and visited a variety of delicate palace lanterns, marquee lanterns, and crystal elephant lanterns. The more I look the more excited and the more I am curious. What I particularly like is the \"peacock lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like gems with colorful colors. The mouths of the \"Dragon Lanterns\" were closed one by one and spit out a string of pearls, as if living. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my dad asked me, \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look at it. It turns out that these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboos, etc. I really admire the production of these lights The designers of the lights, how clever and smart they are, how wonderful a bright world they make up with these gadgets! Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my dad to the stadium to watch the lantern festival excitedly."}, {"nb": 506, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room."}, {"nb": 507, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella."}, {"nb": 508, "data": "During the lesson, Xiao Hong went to the pool to wash her hands. She saw that the pool was very dirty and was about to clean it, and the bell for class rang. After school, she and some children bit their ears and came to the pool together. They rolled up their cuffs and started to work hard. Some of them wiped the moss in the pool, and some of the grass by the pool, and even the surrounding paper heads, withered grass, and leaves were cleaned. After cleaning, they stood in front of the pool and saw that the pool had been changed into clean \"clothes\". They were indescribably happy. She saw that the pool was very dirty and was about to clean it, and the bell for class rang."}, {"nb": 509, "data": "Wonderful nose insects have no noses. What do they rely on to smell? It turned out that the insects had a pair of slender whiskers called antennae. When the insect's tentacles shake, they can smell a variety of odors. If the insect 's tentacles are cut off, it can't tell the smell. It turned out that the insects had a pair of slender whiskers called antennae."}, {"nb": 510, "data": "To prevent the butterfly from being stabbed, Xiao Zhuoya was playing in the garden. She approached a locust tree. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it. Oh, why isn't she afraid! What if it hits the thorn? Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three. When she saw it, she asked her, \"Zoya, what are you doing? Why do you want to stab?\" \"In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed.\" Zoya replied. Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three."}, {"nb": 511, "data": "Little rabbit's spring clothes Spring is here, and the creatures on the earth are renewed. The mother rabbit said to the little rabbit, \"We should change clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket on her body and said, \"No, the white leather jacket is beautiful!\" After that, we went to the woods to play. The little rabbit saw the starling wearing a flower dress, and asked strangely, \"Why did you change the white clothes into a flower dress?\" The starling said, \"It is not easy for the enemy to find the spring when you change into a flower dress.\" Bump into a frog. The frog just woke up from hibernation. After showering, his whole body was green. He said to the little rabbit, \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper jumped up and was wearing green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to bounce in the grass. Mom said, it's very suitable to wear this kind of clothes. You should go and change the spring clothes!\" Rabbit went home quickly to change clothes. My mother laughed and said, \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit saw that she had grown a lot of gray hairs and put on a gray spring dress! \"The little rabbit saw that she had grown a lot of gray hairs, and put on a gray spring dress!"}, {"nb": 512, "data": "The pony has grown up. The old horse invited the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The ponies have learned and show the old horses the same. The old horse looked very happy, kissed the face of the pony and said, \"You have learned so many skills, it is really a good boy.\" The pony said, \"From tomorrow, I can help my mother do things, and I can go out. Doing things for everyone. \"Said the horse.\" From tomorrow, I can help my mother do things, and I can go out and do things for everyone."}, {"nb": 513, "data": "Mom and Dad are as tall as a big mountain. Mom is as gentle as water. I am like a little fish playing between mountains and water. I love my home, I love dad and mom. Let love live in my house forever. I love my home, I love dad and mom."}, {"nb": 514, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers. Some lotus leaves in the pond are like an open umbrella, some are big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap of the lotus leaf, I saw the lotus stalks with thorns sticking up on the water. The top of the lotus stem is covered with snow-white lotus flowers. The lotus flowers are in various poses, one after another, some have already bloomed, revealing golden flower stamens and yellowish small lotus tents; some have two or three petals spread out. Lovely fairies; some are still bracted. One of the newly opened lotuses seemed shy and hid behind a large lotus leaf. Through the gap of the lotus leaf, I saw the lotus stalks with thorns sticking up on the water."}, {"nb": 515, "data": "Children love their hometown and paint their own beautiful hometown. Taotao's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted is so blue and so wide. One ship was filled with fish and shrimp. The child who picked the shell on the beach with his bare feet was Taotao. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains. The mountains he painted were so high and the water so clear. The front and back of the house are tall and big trees. The mountains in the picture, with a small bamboo basket, are going to the forest to pick mushrooms. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains."}, {"nb": 516, "data": "Tomatoes are not only delicious but also nutritious. Its vitamin content ranks first in vegetables and fruits. It also contains malic acid, protein, and minerals. On a hot summer day, eating an iced tomato, quenches thirst and relieves heat, and makes people comfortable from the mouth to the heart. Tomatoes are not only delicious but also nutritious."}, {"nb": 517, "data": "Little grass baby In our campus, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, Sister Feng blows gently, and the baby grass nods, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener."}, {"nb": 518, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid was jumping up and down, he asked his aunt: \"Why does the pot lid dance?"}, {"nb": 519, "data": "The sun doll that loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she swollen her mouth round and blew towards the clouds around her, blew it, and blew out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round brain. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The sun doll was blowing in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus, and blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... the more she blew, I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea, and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew that white cloud into a beautiful white spray in the sea. The sun doll that loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds."}, {"nb": 520, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the little dog next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!"}, {"nb": 521, "data": "Wonderful nose insects have no noses. What do they rely on to smell? It turned out that the insects had a pair of slender whiskers called antennae. When the insect's tentacles shake, they can smell a variety of odors. If the insect 's tentacles are cut off, it can't tell the smell. If the insect 's tentacles are cut off, it can't tell the smell."}, {"nb": 522, "data": "The pony has grown up. The old horse invited the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The ponies have learned and show the old horses the same. The old horse looked very happy, kissed the face of the pony and said, \"You have learned so many skills, it is really a good boy.\" The pony said, \"From tomorrow, I can help my mother do things, and I can go out. Do things for everyone. \"The ponies have learned to show the old horse the same."}, {"nb": 523, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and so sweet ...\" The little monkey slipped out of the classroom and ran to the wild without listening. what ! The apples on the tree are red, so go pick a big mouthful and eat it, it's so sweet! When he saw that the peaches were big and red again, he went to pick them, and the peaches were sweet and thirsty. He thinks the teacher is right, the red fruits are all sweet. As he walked, he saw a patch of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like little lanterns, which made people love. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The hot little monkey was sweating. He desperately ran back to school and asked the teacher, \"Why isn't this red fruit sweet?\" The teacher said, \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished talking yet, why did you run away? The little monkey listened, and bowed his head in embarrassment. Since then, the little monkey has studied very hard and has become a good student. When he saw that the peaches were big and red again, he went to pick them, and the peaches were sweet and thirsty."}, {"nb": 524, "data": "Promise to the stars Stars open their small eyes and hang on the black velvet, and you look down from above to see if I am innocent? The stars have small eyes open, and they are shining in the peaceful sky. Are you high up, saying, How kind? The stars have small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, staying awake all night, rosy dawn, why should you erase you? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dew. Are you shaking on top of it, is it because of the cold? The small eyes of the stars, I assure you: If you hold me, I will always, always be innocent. The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dew."}, {"nb": 525, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a little ant who wanted to cross the river, but there was no bridge or boat. What should I do? It thought about it and finally came up with a good way. One day, the little ant came to the river, climbed under a big tree not far from the river, and saw the leaves on the tree were very big. He thought, \"How can I get the leaves down?\" At this moment, a squirrel shouted on the tree: \"Little ant, what are you standing under the tree?\" The ant hurriedly looked up, and it turned out to be a squirrel. It was so happy that he yelled, \"Brother Squirrel, can you pick a leaf for me?\" The squirrel was willing to help others, so she picked a large, thick leaf and threw it away. The little ant said happily, \"Thank you, Brother Squirrel.\" The little ant dragged this large and thick leaf, and it took the power of nine tigers and two tigers to drag the leaf to the river. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and took himself on a boat made of leaves as if he was swinging slowly. That day happened to be a good wind, and after a while, the boat swayed across the river. In this way, the little ant crossed the river in peace. The little ant was willing to use his brain and was praised by the little friends. At this time, a squirrel shouted on the tree, \"Little ant, what are you standing under the tree?"}, {"nb": 526, "data": "I love autumn fields It 's autumn, and there are a few white clouds floating in the high sky. Under the blue sky, the wild geese flew south, and they were lined with \"one\" for a while, and \"people\" for a while. The maple leaves in the distance turned red, like a red cloud. Near was a golden paddy field, and Rice smiled and bent over. The autumn wind came and the fields were rolling with golden waves. There is an orchard beside the paddy field. In the orchard are red apples, Huang Chengcheng's pears, and red persimmons with branches. I love autumn fields. There is an orchard beside the paddy field. In the orchard are red apples, Huang Chengcheng's pears, and red persimmons with branches."}, {"nb": 527, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. After a few days, the little flower dog went uphill to play again. Suddenly a big tiger emerged from the jungle. The little flower dog desperately escaped, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger stumbled and fell. I fell to the bottom of the cliff, and the little flower dog was so scared that I was gone. I still told my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion for you.\""}, {"nb": 528, "data": "I love my mother My mother has an upside down melon seed face, short and messy hair, and her small eyes are slit into a slit when she laughs. Although my mother is not a beautiful girl and her appearance is mediocre, she has a clever hand. Once, a child from a neighbor's house broke a dress and was about to throw it away. When his mother saw it, he asked him to come and tell him to fix it and make him satisfied. I saw it and thought, \"Mom must not make up for such a big seam, let alone cover this seam?\" Then, Mom came over, as if she could see through my mind, she touched me The head said, \"Be assured! I can do it. Go to sleep!\" I was doubtful, but I went back to the room to sleep. The next day, I got up early and saw a brand new pair of pants on the table, oh! It turned out to be the torn pants of a neighbor! But it was so beautiful. There was a little bear in that broken place, and it was so embroidered! Mother 's craftsmanship is really good! In addition to being clever, she also likes to help others. Once, my careless neighbor was accidentally shut out of the door by herself. My mother not only asked her to drink tea at our house, but also went to a locksmith to help her open the door! I love mom, I love mom's hard-working hands, I love mom's old-fashioned character. Mother 's craftsmanship is really good!"}, {"nb": 529, "data": "How beautiful the world is. The hen squatted and hatched her chicks, squatting for many days. The chick in the eggshell was asleep first, but then it woke up and saw the yellow surrounding. The chick thought: The whole world is yellow! The chick pecked the eggshell with a small pointed beak. It pecked and pecked for a long time before it pecked out a small hole. It saw that the sky was blue and blue, the trees were green, the river was clear and clear ... the world is so beautiful! The chick is happy. As soon as it propped up with its wings, it broke the eggshell. It screamed stupidly and stood up slowly. Alas, alas, the chick was saying, \"How beautiful the world is!-Lan Zhanzhan, Greenery, Bichengcheng ... Chicks peck the eggshells with their small pointed beaks.\""}, {"nb": 530, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. \"The elephant 's nose stretched out very high and could not get any fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit."}, {"nb": 531, "data": "The grass is yellow, and the leaves are yellow. I heard the wind rustling on the leaves and rustling. The golden yellow leaves fluttered in the air like a beautiful butterfly. A little yellow leaf flew over my shoulder, and quietly said to me, \"I'm here!\" I put this little yellow leaf on my palm, and put it gently into a small river, little The yellow leaves turned into a golden boat. The autumn wind blew slightly, blowing the golden boat. The boat slowly and slowly drove to the distance ... I heard the wind rustling on the leaves, and the rustling sound."}, {"nb": 532, "data": "Squirrel Squirrels like to live on trees and often nest their nests in the middle of the branches. When building a nest, it first brought some small branches, staggered together, and found some moss to spread on it. Then it compacted and flattened the moss. The nest was set up and a cover was added to it so that you would not be afraid of the wind and rain. The squirrel 's nest is warm and safe. The squirrel 's nest is warm and safe."}, {"nb": 533, "data": "Whose feet are the best for a day, chickens, ducks, cats, and horses argue under the tree who has the best feet. The chicken said, \"My feet are the best. The long toes are pointed and flexible, and it depends on it for digging for food.\" The duck said, \"My feet are the best. There are webs between my toes, like a paddle, swimming. It \u2019s convenient! \u201dThe cat said,\u201c My feet are the best. There are fleshy pads between my toes and the soles of my feet, and they have long fluff. I ca n\u2019t walk without a mouse! \u201dMa said,\u201c My feet are the best. Okay. People nailed my palms, just like putting on iron shoes. It \u2019s all on my four feet to pull the cart and carry things. \u201dThe old buffalo heard it and walked over and said,\u201c Do n\u2019t fight, your feet are all right , But each has its own use, why bother with the best feet! \"Whose feet are the best one day, chickens, ducks, cats, and horses arguing who has the best feet under the tree."}, {"nb": 534, "data": "Light rain, it's raining, it's raining! Raindrops, rustling ... Raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to bloom red flowers. The raindrops fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to bloom white flowers. The raindrops fell on the willows, and the willows were happy to spit green buds. The raindrops fell on the field, and the seeds were arched with joy. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frogs shouted for joy. Light rain, rustling, decorating the picturesque spring. The raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to bloom red flowers."}, {"nb": 535, "data": "The hands of Grandpa Earth and the little monkey and bunny are good friends. One day, they were playing under the tree, jumping, singing, so happy! After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches.\" Yeah, the peaches on the tree are big and red. They must be delicious. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick some peaches for us, okay?\" The father monkey didn't answer, and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves. The little rabbit said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!\" The monkey father smiled and said, \"Don't thank me, this is the help of Grandpa Earth.\" The little monkey felt strange: \"How can Grandpa Earth help?\" Little Rabbit also said : \"Yeah, how can Grandpa Earth help? He has no hands.\" Grandpa Earth spoke: \"No, I have a hand, and I have a lot of strength, so that ripe peaches can fall down, and they can be kicked. The football in the air fell ... my hand is the gravity that you can't see. \"Grandpa Earth had just finished, and a few peaches fell from the tree again. The bunny said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!"}, {"nb": 536, "data": "Little cats Make friends Little cats visit grandma. A small yellow dog lies under the big tree at the village entrance. The little cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog barked, and pounced on the little cat. The cat was so scared that it turned around and ran, tripped over the roots of the tree, and fell into the mud. The eighth brother on the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach fire, and scolded him: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" Starling also said politely: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" You have to wipe your tears straight: \"Grandma, little yellow dog and my eighth bully me.\" Grandma said distressed: \"My little obedient, just blame you for being too disrespectful of others. If you are polite to others, others will treat you too Friendly! \"After listening to the grandmother's words, Xiaohua cat kindly said to the little yellow dog,\" I'm sorry! \"Xiaohua cat said to the starling brother,\" Friend, hello! \"Starling also said to the Xiaohua cat,\" Friend, hello! \" Xiaohua cat said happily: \"Grandma, I understand. If you want others to be good to you, you must be nice to others!\" Xiaohua cat said to the little yellow dog kindly, \"Sorry!"}, {"nb": 537, "data": "One day, an old goat broke his leg while climbing a mountain. Please ask the donkey to carry it home, and the donkey asks him for ten pounds of potato as a reward. As soon as the old goat heard it, he had to limp away. After a while, the old goat came slowly on Brother Niu's back, and the donkey saw it. He stepped forward and asked, \"Brother Niu, how many potatoes did you ask to carry it?\" \"Jack.\" The donkey sneered: \"Ten Jinjin is not dry yet, Jinjin! Don't dream anymore! \"Brother Niu said seriously:\" It's not me who don't dream anymore, but you don't get confused! What's ten kilograms of potato? Friendship weighs so much! \" The donkey listened to Brother Niu's words, stood with that long ear, dropped his head and embarrassedly left. One day, an old goat broke his leg while climbing a mountain. Please ask the donkey to carry it home, and the donkey asks him for ten pounds of potato as a reward."}, {"nb": 538, "data": "Hua Luogeng guessed the book The famous mathematician Hua Luogeng read books differently. He got a book, and instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated. He guessed the layout of the book, and then opened the book after careful consideration. If the author's thinking was consistent with his own guess, he would no longer read it. Hua Luogeng's guessing method not only saves time in reading, but also cultivates his own thinking and imagination, so as not to make himself a slave to books. He guessed the layout of the book, and then opened the book after careful consideration. If the author's thinking was consistent with his own guess, he would no longer read it."}, {"nb": 539, "data": "Why is the horse's face long and the cat's face round? The horse is a herbivore. To facilitate the grinding of the grass, a row of molars has been grown, so that the face becomes longer. Cats are carnivores. They do not grind molars for food, so their jaws must be strong so they can withstand chewing over and over again. In order to support the sturdy chin, the cat's cheekbones are wide, strong, and muscular, with stretches on both sides. So the cat 's face is round. So the cat 's face is round."}, {"nb": 540, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit. Let's get some rabbit meat to eat.\""}, {"nb": 541, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat drifted forward. The little tortoise was happy to probe his head: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. Duckling hurried to chase after him: \"I want it, I want it!\" But after a lot of effort, I couldn't hold the straw hat. They fought with straw hats in disagreement. Xian Hefei said, \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. It's not good to give back to anyone who loses it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" Fly away with a straw hat. \"But the straw hat is too big to wear."}, {"nb": 542, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! \"Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat."}, {"nb": 543, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside."}, {"nb": 544, "data": "Trees that don't deciduous The cold wind blows, and the yellow leaves drive down the cold wind gently. But pine trees and holly are very beautiful in green clothes all year round. Why is this? It turns out that the leaves of pine trees are coniferous, like needles. Water does not slip away from the leaves. They are not afraid of water shortage, so they don't need fallen leaves. Holly 's leaves are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the water will not slip away, so they are not deciduous in winter. In fact, they are sometimes falling leaves, and only careless children say they can't drop leaves. After they have dropped their leaves, new leaves will continue to grow. Trees that don't deciduous The cold wind blows, and the yellow leaves drive down the cold wind gently."}, {"nb": 545, "data": "Fun nose sticking game Nose sticking nose game is really interesting. During extracurricular activities, the teacher drew a big head doll with no nose on the blackboard in the classroom. Let 's stick her nose on her. It is our turn to stick noses on big head dolls. The first one to go up was Xiaojun. The team leader blindfolded him with a green silk ribbon and helped him make three turns. The little soldier slowly walked to the blackboard with a red nose. Put your nose on. Before Xiaojun took off the ribbon, the students laughed. It turned out that the nose was stuck on the right eye. The first one to go up was Xiaojun. The team leader blindfolded him with a green silk ribbon and helped him make three turns. The little soldier slowly walked to the blackboard with a red nose. Put your nose on."}, {"nb": 546, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants."}, {"nb": 547, "data": "Cats are good at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, it can turn around, and it can recognize even the smallest sound in time. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes."}, {"nb": 548, "data": "Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick. Collia 's mood suddenly improved a lot. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia. Collia looked at the cute \"little face\" outside the window and smiled happily. Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon."}, {"nb": 549, "data": "The brave little rooster The little rooster comes to the grass with his mother every day. When he meets other little animals and bullies other chicks, he always rushes up bravely. One day a ferocious eagle flew over the grass. The mother chicken told the chicks to hide in the grass. The little cock wanted to rush up and drive away the eagle, and the mother chicken grabbed him. The little cock said to his mother with dissatisfaction: \"I've grown up, I can drive the eagle away.\" The mother chicken said to him, \"A person's ability is limited, and being brave is not enough. Dealing with the eagle, hard If you can't fight it, it's also a good way to avoid him. \"One day, a vicious eagle flew over the grass, and the mother chicken told the chicks to hide in the grass."}, {"nb": 550, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well."}, {"nb": 551, "data": "A spider is weaving a web. It had just been woven a few times and a strong wind blew off the wire. The spider weaved again, just half of it, and a shower of rain hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry and weaved again, but a hailstone broke the web again. The spider was not discouraged, and weaved again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving\u2014a large, strong net. The spider happily sat in the middle of the web and caught the pests flying around. The spider happily sat in the middle of the web and caught the pests flying around."}, {"nb": 552, "data": "Sweet flute Little white rabbit intends to plant sugar cane. The little goat said to her, \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" The little white rabbit said, \"Don't forget, eat sugarcane at that time!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil, cut the old sugar cane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. The little fox and the little monkey came to help her find fertilizer, and picked up one after another. The little white rabbit was so touched, she said loudly, \"Uncle Niu, chubby pig, little fox, little monkey, sugar cane must be cooked to eat sugar cane!\" However, in autumn, the little white rabbit's sugar cane field only grew one. Little sugarcane seedling. \"I promised my friends to come to eat sugarcane, but now ... woo--woo--woo--\" Little white rabbit was crying sadly, her eyes were red. Little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She cut down the sugarcane seedling, digged it, emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit blew the flute, and the sound of the flute went far and far. Little goats heard, little fat pigs heard, little foxes and little monkeys heard, and Uncle Niu heard. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She bulged her three-flap mouth and kept blowing, ah ... Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!"}, {"nb": 553, "data": "Draw a picture of the puppy running in the snow, leaving the puppy's footprints on the snow. The puppy said to the chick, \"Look, look, I will draw plum blossoms.\" The chicken ran in the snow, leaving the footprints of the chicken on the snow. The chick said to the puppy, \"Look, you see, I can draw bamboo leaves.\" The puppy ran in the snow, leaving the puppy's footprints on the snow."}, {"nb": 554, "data": "In the scorching sun in the desert, the mother sand chicken was sick, and she lay down under a cactus and panted, saying, \"Water, water ...\" The mother sand chicken quickly helped her mother find water. It looked in the endless desert and finally found a small puddle. Xiaosha chicken was so happy that he could not afford to drink it, and quickly dipped his furry body into the puddle. The grouse's feathers have a strong ability to absorb water, and after a while they are full of water. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I'll send you water!\" The mother grouse stuck her mouth into the feather of the little grouse, and sucked the water into her mouth. The sand chicken mother smiled and said, \"You are really a sensible child!\" Little sand chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you also gave me water like this!\" The sand chicken's feathers have a strong ability to absorb water. I was full of water."}, {"nb": 555, "data": "Raindrops Countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In midair, heavy rain asked Xiaoyudian: \"Where are you going?\" Xiaoyu answered: \"I'm going to a place with flowers and grass. How about you?\" Heavy rain said: \"I'm going without flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow. \"Soon, where there were flowers and grass, the flowers became redder, and the grass became greener."}, {"nb": 556, "data": "Do you know the talking lamp? In addition to lighting, lamps also speak to people. On the road, cars come and go. The traffic lights are constantly working and tell people that the red lights stop and the green lights go. The blinker of the car flashed, and that was saying to people: \"Be careful! I'm turning!\" On the sea, the lighthouse stood firmly at its post. The passing ships knew from the lights where the fairway was and where they could not go. There must be talking lamps around you. If you are interested, you can understand them. There must be talking lamps around you. If you are interested, you can understand them."}, {"nb": 557, "data": "The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came to the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you,\" said the crow. The fox pretended not to say, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said, \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said, \"I'm not afraid of you, I Afraid of the dog running. \"The fox ran away when he heard the dog. The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came under the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\""}, {"nb": 558, "data": "Watermelon doll I have been thinking: There must be a doll in the watermelon. You see, the uncle who bought the watermelon has to put the melon in his ear and listen to what the baby said. It is raw and cooked, and it will quietly tell you quietly: \u549d---\u549d! Sand---Sand! You see, the uncle who bought the watermelon has to put the melon in his ear and listen to what the baby said."}, {"nb": 559, "data": "On this day, the father called the three children to him, and said, \"Please fold each of these sticks!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately slammed, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied the three sticks together and gave them to the elder son. \"Fold it!\" The eldest son tried his best to fold this bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Kids, you see, one stick is very fragile, but the three are tied together to become strong. That is to say, as long as you work together, there is nothing impossible.\" Father put three sticks Tied it up and gave it to the eldest son."}, {"nb": 560, "data": "Small snowflakes White small snowflakes float gently from the high clouds. Snow fell on the roof and covered the house with white silver tiles. Snow fell on the high mountains and covered the mountains with beautiful white veil. Snow fell on the pine forest and put beautiful white flowers on the pine forest ... Ah! The lovely little snowflakes drifted lightly from the high clouds. Snow fell on the mountains and covered the mountains with beautiful white veil;"}, {"nb": 561, "data": "There is a flock of birds in the yard of the bird's house. Puppy, rabbit and cat want to build a comfortable home for the birds so that they can live in the yard forever. The kitten made a beautiful bird cage. The little bird looked at it, whine, and flew away. The puppy made a beautiful log cabin. The bird looked at it, and shook its head. The little rabbit planted a tree. The tree sprouts, the little bird is cricketing, singing and playing in the green leaves. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best homes for birds. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best homes for birds."}, {"nb": 562, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away."}, {"nb": 563, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. I realized suddenly, rushing and said, \"Yes, I know, I am a horse. The horse in this year's painting symbolizes me.\""}, {"nb": 564, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guards, there are many birds. In order to defend the trees, they must form a forest guard. The magpie is the captain. The first owl flew in to sign up and said, \"I can catch those abominable voles at night to protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I heal the trees, I can protect the trees, but Make the tree grow more lush. \u201dHuang Yan hurriedly flew and said,\u201c I have the most confidence in myself, and to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \u201dMagpie said,\u201c Three of you have your own. Skills and strengths, now I announce that all three of you are members of the Forest Guard. \"Since then, there has been an excellent Forest Guard in the forest, protecting the trees day and night. In the lively forest of the Forest Guards, there are many birds. In order to defend the trees, they must form a forest guard. The magpie is the captain."}, {"nb": 565, "data": "Little book lover Bing Xin, a contemporary literary master who has been intelligent and eager to learn since he was a child, especially likes listening to stories. In order to encourage her to study attentively, Yang Zijing, who was then the superintendent of her family, said to her, \"Do your homework well. When you have finished your homework, I will tell you a story at night.\" \u8205\u8205 The first book she told her It's the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. The tortuous plot and the lively characters deeply attracted Xiao Bingxin. When I finish speaking, I always say it again. In order to be able to listen to the story of the \"Three Kingdoms\" every night, she studied harder and always did her homework fast and well. However, I often had something in the evening. I couldn't tell her \"Three Kingdoms\". Sometimes she stopped for several days, which made Xiao Bingxin very anxious. As a last resort, she had to pick up her \"The Romance of the Three Kingdoms\" to see, at this time she was only 7 years old. At first, she didn't understand most of them, so she swallowed the jujube, and looked at it scrupulously. Even if she didn't understand, sometimes she was mistaken by her. In this way, she slowly understood the contents of some books, she became more and more fascinated, after reading \"The Romance of the Three Kingdoms\", she also found \"Water Margin\" and \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" ... The mother saw her and couldn't let go of it, afraid she was too young She tried to persuade her to go out and play, and she refused. My mother had to hide the books, but I didn't know what to do. Those books were always found out unconsciously. As a last resort, she had to pick up her \"The Romance of the Three Kingdoms\" to see, at this time she was only 7 years old."}, {"nb": 566, "data": "The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everybody knows one by one. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home. It turns out that little ants use tentacles to deliver messages. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home."}, {"nb": 567, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. The mouse knew about this, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\""}, {"nb": 568, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox."}, {"nb": 569, "data": "There are white lines on the road. The teacher said that this is a crosswalk. To cross the road from here, we can ensure our safety. But I think it's more like a staff. We walk on it and feel like we have become happy notes. It's so interesting to play a beautiful piano song! But I don't understand why some adults just don't like to cross the road across the road? A new road was built on the doorstep of the house, neat and beautiful. It used to be that it could pass directly from the gate of the residential area to the shopping mall opposite. Now it is a long way to go, and it is necessary to cross the road from the \"staff notation\". I always see some people trying to make short cuts from the passing cars to passing through them like acrobatics, which is really scary! Once, my mother said deliberately, \"It's relatively close, or should we try it?\" I shook my head vigorously and said, \"No, you're going to cross the crosswalk and follow the traffic lights. When I return I made a sign at the gate of the community and reminded everyone! \"Mom smiled and said,\" That's true! My baby is a lovely Shanghainese! \"Haha ... Both of us laughed. There are white lines on the road. The teacher said that this is a crosswalk. To cross the road from here, we can ensure our safety."}, {"nb": 570, "data": "Where is the wind where is the wind The wind is in the sky. You see, it's running forward with clouds blowing like a sailboat on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is over the willows. You see, it blows gently against the wicker, like children are dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, the duckweed on the water keeps shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hands. I waved the air, and the wind came. The wind is in the sky."}, {"nb": 571, "data": "There is an old tailor in tailoring, and his business is particularly good in this shop. Once, a new official came to the store, and said with great vigor: \"Make a suit for me!\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and cut the front of the clothes longer than the back. .... The official said angrily, \"How to wear this kind of clothes?\" The old tailor ignored him. Wait for the clothes to be ready, and the officer will just wear them! The old tailor smiled and said, \"You have just become an officer, and you must walk with your chest up, so I made the front longer.\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and put the front of the clothes. It was longer than the back ... The official said angrily, \"How do I wear this kind of clothes?"}, {"nb": 572, "data": "Little Pigs Go to School Early in the morning, the father-in-law slowly climbed to the top of the mountain and shone the warm sunshine into the little pigs' rooms. For the first time, Robbie, Robin, and Roll did not wake up from their mothers, so they got up obediently. They put on clothes, fold their quilts, and wash their little faces clean. Because, today is a special day-Robbie, Robin, Rock, and Roll are going to school! Alas, why is Rock still not up to bed? Look at him, hiding in the quilt with his buttocks, no matter what the sun father Scratching his little feet, he refused to get up. Does Rock want to go to school? Father Pig is here. It pats Rock's head, and asks, \"Rock, why don't you get up?\" Rock lifted the quilt, revealing his tiny black eyes, and said pitifully: \"Dad, I don't want to go to school. Jerry's cousin said that going to school is not fun at all. He can't play games or toys. He is not allowed to talk or disturb during class ... This is terrible. I don't want to go to school.\" Robbie scratched his head and wondered, \"But cousin Jerry also said that he can make many new friends at school, and can also learn to sing, write, and calculate ...\" Father Pig said with a smile: \" Rock, haven't you always dreamed of being an astronaut? No knowledge is not enough! Love to learn is a good boy who can be praised by others to realize your dream! \"Rock crooked his head, thinking about it, Think about it right ... whispered, \"I want to go to school.\" Dad and its four baby pig. See how happy they are and sing while walking: \"Do la la, do la la la la la ...\" \"Rock crooked his head, think about it, think about it right ..."}, {"nb": 573, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree opened small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and floral, many more beautiful. The big tree said, \"Little mushroom, who do you want to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Give you a mushroom umbrella.\" The little bee shook her head and said, \"I don't want to.\" The flower butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Give you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower butterfly shook his head and said, \"I don't.\" The little yellow dog came over, and the little mushroom said, \"I gave you a mushroom umbrella.\" Little yellow dog Also said no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave it a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was very happy. She took the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"This time we are not afraid of the rain.\" Haha, the little white rabbit was very happy, took the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said: \"This time we are not afraid of rain."}, {"nb": 574, "data": "Encounter of a monkey A monkey cleverly climbed to a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make all kinds of comments. The rabbit said: \"Look at the monkey's tail, it looks like a dead branch, it's ugly!\" The weasel said: \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red sores, it's disgusting!\" The dog said: \"The monkey is so skinny, it's so tree-climbing Quickly, it must be an expert at stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who spoke,\" Monkeys are very good at climbing trees! You don't climb trees. . Go home and look in the mirror to see what's wrong with you! \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who spoke,\" Monkeys are very good at climbing trees!"}, {"nb": 575, "data": "I love my mother My mother has an upside down melon seed face, short and messy hair, and her small eyes are slit into a slit when she laughs. Although my mother is not a beautiful girl and her appearance is mediocre, she has a clever hand. Once, a child from a neighbor's house broke a dress and was about to throw it away. When his mother saw it, he asked him to come and tell him to fix it and make him satisfied. I saw it and thought, \"Mom must not make up for such a big seam, let alone cover this seam?\" Then, Mom came over, as if she could see through my mind, she touched me The head said, \"Be assured! I can do it. Go to sleep!\" I was doubtful, but I went back to the room to sleep. The next day, I got up early and saw a brand new pair of pants on the table, oh! It turned out to be the torn pants of a neighbor! But it was so beautiful. There was a little bear in that broken place, and it was so embroidered! Mother 's craftsmanship is really good! In addition to being clever, she also likes to help others. Once, my careless neighbor was accidentally shut out of the door by herself. My mother not only asked her to drink tea at our house, but also went to a locksmith to help her open the door! I love mom, I love mom's hard-working hands, I love mom's old-fashioned character. The next day, I got up early and saw a brand new pair of pants on the table, oh!"}, {"nb": 576, "data": "To prevent the butterfly from being stabbed, Xiao Zhuoya was playing in the garden. She approached a locust tree. The locust has a sharp thorn on it, and a beautiful butterfly is flying on it. Oh, why isn't she afraid! What if it hits the thorn? Zhuo Ya went to the locust and took off one thorn, two, and three. When she saw it, she asked her, \"Zoya, what are you doing? Why do you want to stab?\" \"In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed.\" Zoya replied. \"\" In order not to let the butterfly be stabbed."}, {"nb": 577, "data": "The lotus leaf came the wind and the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf on its head. The rain hit the lotus leaves, and it clicked like a drum of joy. The frogs were so happy under the lotus leaf umbrella, and they danced with joy at a happy rhythm. The little fox ran past the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog stopped him: \"Little fox, lend you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised the lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, rattling like a drum of joy. The little fox was very happy under the umbrella and danced with joy at a happy rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran past the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog stopped them: \"Little white rabbit, lend you this umbrella!\" Two little white rabbits raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, rattling like a drum of joy. The two little white rabbits and the drums of joy danced a joyous dance. The enthusiastic frogs also lent the lotus leaf umbrella to the chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leafs everywhere, there are joyous drums everywhere, and there are joyous dances everywhere. Every frog has a lotus leaf on its head."}, {"nb": 578, "data": "There are white clouds in the blue sky. At the foot of the mountain, the river flows slowly, and a flock of ducks swims in the river. There are many fruit trees on the hillside. In autumn, the fruit trees are covered with red apples and yellow pears. The ripe persimmons hung on the tree and looked like red lanterns from a distance. what ! How beautiful my hometown is! In autumn, the fruit trees are covered with red apples and yellow pears."}, {"nb": 579, "data": "Squirrel Squirrels like to live on trees and often nest their nests in the middle of the branches. When building a nest, it first brought some small branches, staggered together, and found some moss to spread on it. Then it compacted and flattened the moss. The nest was set up and a cover was added to it so that you would not be afraid of the wind and rain. The squirrel 's nest is warm and safe. When building a nest, it first brought some small branches, staggered together, and found some moss to spread on it. Then it compacted and flattened the moss."}, {"nb": 580, "data": "Save the eggs in the wind. The big trees were blown up and down. The little kangaroo went to see the houses of the partners. Did they get damaged by the wind? He walked under a big tree, and only heard the sound of hula, another strong wind came, a bird's nest was blown over, and several eggs rolled down. One, two, three ... The bird eggs fell into the kangaroo's pocket, the kangaroo's pocket was warm, and the bird eggs were safe inside. The kangaroo walked from house to house, and the partners' houses were very good. When he returned to the bottom of the tree, the wind had stopped, and I saw the mother bird flying from a distance. She was anxiously shouting, \"Where is the egg baby in my nest!\" \"Here it is!\" Said the kangaroo. The eggs are in the warm pockets of the kangaroo. They have already hatched a group of little birds. They stretch out their little heads and howl at the bird mother! The bird's eggs have fallen into the kangaroo's pocket. The kangaroo's pocket is warm. The bird's eggs are safe inside."}, {"nb": 581, "data": "Little babies like to watch the window because the window always changes color. When the window turns blue, mother says, it is a blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, Mom said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, Mom said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and strewn with small silver stones, Mom said, it was night. Little babies like to watch the window because the window always changes color. When the window turns blue, mother says, it is a blue sky in the distance."}, {"nb": 582, "data": "Autumn creepers There are many creepers under the porch behind the podium of our school. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor. In summer, the green leaves of a wall all point downward, which is very beautiful. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall turns into a red wall, which is even more beautiful. The bunches of red leaves are like autumn maple leaves, like piles of small flames, like red butterflies, and like the red sunset at that day. Under the mountain climbing tigers are blooming bright autumn chrysanthemums. All this became the brightest scenery in our school. We ran around under the eaves, playing freely, and the mountain climber made our happy smiles red. What a beauty ! Creeper in autumn. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor."}, {"nb": 583, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen."}, {"nb": 584, "data": "Binghua Binghua is so beautiful! It is like broad leaves, like tender grass, like plump peonies, bunches, one after another, bright and white. The child asked her mother, \"Where did this flower come from?\" The mother smiled and said, \"It was given to you by Grandpa Dong when you were sleeping.\" The child asked her mother, \"Where did this flower come from?\""}, {"nb": 585, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am You won't be hit by others. \"To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, and regrets why he didn't bring lighting tools when he went out."}, {"nb": 586, "data": "The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came to the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you,\" said the crow. The fox pretended not to say, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said, \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said, \"I'm not afraid of you, I Afraid of the dog running. \"The fox ran away when he heard the dog. \"Said the crow.\" I am afraid to go to the grass."}, {"nb": 587, "data": "Finding Horses in Washington There is a cute pony in Washington. One day, he took the pony out to play. When the pony saw a few mares, he broke his reins and ran into the house of John with the mares. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his. Washington thought about it, went to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\" John Zhiwu said, \"Left , Left eye. \"Washington shook his head. John hurriedly changed his mouth and said, \"Oh, it's the right eye.\" Washington put his hands down, and when John looked at it, both eyes of the pony were good. John bowed his head in shame. Washington took his pony happily home. When Washington thought about it, he came to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands, and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\""}, {"nb": 588, "data": "The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock. The wolf asked, \"Good friend, where are you going?\" The cock said, \"Look at the friend.\" The wolf asked again, \"Will we two go together?\" The cock said, \"Why two? There is a dog behind Then! \"The wolf heard it, and quickly turned to escape. The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock."}, {"nb": 589, "data": "The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everybody knows one by one. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home. It turns out that little ants use tentacles to deliver messages. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know."}, {"nb": 590, "data": "Wash my dad Last night, my dad was going to wash his hair. I had a whimsy and was tempted to wash him. I sprinkled hot water on Dad's hair first, then squeezed in shampoo, and rubbed it gently on Dad's head. Although I was careful, my father 's face was covered with water and bubbles. It usually feels so easy to wash my hair, but I didn't expect it to be really easy. My father seemed to see through my mind and encouraged me to say, \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash your hair. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\" After hearing what he said, I was not as nervous as I was. The flushing has also gone smoothly. After washing, I asked my father if he was okay. He happily said, \"It's great, my daughter has grown up!\" I didn't expect that I only did one little thing to make my father so happy. I sprinkled hot water on Dad's hair first, then squeezed in shampoo, and rubbed it gently on Dad's head."}, {"nb": 591, "data": "One day, an old goat broke his leg while climbing a mountain. Please ask the donkey to carry it home, and the donkey asks him for ten pounds of potato as a reward. As soon as the old goat heard it, he had to limp away. After a while, the old goat came slowly on Brother Niu's back, and the donkey saw it. He stepped forward and asked, \"Brother Niu, how many potatoes did you ask to carry it?\" \"Jack.\" The donkey sneered: \"Ten Jinjin is not dry yet, Jinjin! Don't dream anymore! \"Brother Niu said seriously:\" It's not me who don't dream anymore, but you don't get confused! What's ten kilograms of potato? Friendship weighs so much! \" The donkey listened to Brother Niu's words, stood with that long ear, dropped his head and embarrassedly left. After a while, the old goat came slowly on Brother Niu's back. When the donkey saw it, he came forward and asked, \"Big Niu, how many potatoes did it carry? Please carry it?\""}, {"nb": 592, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots."}, {"nb": 593, "data": "The color of spring rain Spring rain, it has come down! The sweet spring rain falls with the fragrant spring breeze-the soil is wet, the oil is black; the grass is wet, the green is green; the petals are wet, the fire is red ... What color is the spring rain ? The soil grain says: It's black; the grass leaves say: It's green; the petals say: It's red ... \u54a6? What color is Chunyu in the end? What color is Chunyu?"}, {"nb": 594, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all."}, {"nb": 595, "data": "My sister gave me a pair of little turtles. I named them Tintin and Dongdong. They live together every day, get along well and never fight. Tintin has short arms and legs, but he is very flexible. Dong Dong's eyes are very bright and sacred, just like wearing a pair of glasses, really like a little doctor. Every day, I have to let them play on the balcony. Tintin is very naughty. He always likes to climb to Dong Dong's back and bask in the sun. He tanned his back, turned over again, and turned his belly up into the sky. It looked very fun. It is rare that Dong Dong is not angry at all. They are really good friends! They are cute and timid. As long as I am teasing them with a small stick, they will scare their heads into their shells and dare not come out for a long time. I really like these two little turtles. Tintin is very naughty. He always likes to climb to Dong Dong's back and bask in the sun."}, {"nb": 596, "data": "Several kinds of animals in the zoo are playing seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The squirrel cannot raise the sika. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot raise the red panda. The baby squirrel plays with the baby monkey. The baby squirrel cannot lift the baby monkey up. The sika deer and the red panda play together, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the most important? The baby squirrel plays with the baby monkey. The baby squirrel cannot lift the baby monkey up."}, {"nb": 597, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water. The sparkling water waves flickered in the sunlight and the breeze, just like big eyes twinkling. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass, which looks far away. Like the Creator, the ground is covered with a thick green carpet. It is very beautiful. Sometimes when I am playing by the pond, I will also see a group of birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was full of red glow, and the glow was reflected on the water surface, as if a layer of red, transparent gauze was spread on the water surface. Night fell, and the crooked moon reflected on the water surface, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the water surface, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond! Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park."}, {"nb": 598, "data": "Tang Yin learned painting Tang Yin learned painting from the famous painter Zhou Chen when he was a teenager. One year later, he thought that his painting was indistinguishable from his teacher's painting. He felt that further study would be a waste of time, so he used the excuse to go home to take care of his parents. The teacher saw his mind and agreed. Before leaving, the teacher invited him to dinner and told him to study solidly. The teacher also said, \"I drank wine, and I got some fever. Open the window cool and cool.\" Tang Yin saw the bamboo forest under the moonlight, which was very beautiful. He pushed the window with his hand, but couldn't push it. It turned out that the \"window\" was painted on the wall. He immediately understood, and said, \"Teacher, I won't go.\" Later, he studied painting more diligently and became a famous painter in history. The teacher said again, \"I drank alcohol, and some fever became hot. Open the window cool and cool."}, {"nb": 599, "data": "Autumn creepers There are many creepers under the porch behind the podium of our school. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor. In summer, the green leaves of a wall all point downward, which is very beautiful. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall turns into a red wall, which is even more beautiful. The bunches of red leaves are like autumn maple leaves, like piles of small flames, like red butterflies, and like the red sunset at that day. Under the mountain climbing tigers are blooming bright autumn chrysanthemums. All this became the brightest scenery in our school. We ran around under the eaves, playing freely, and the mountain climber made our happy smiles red. What a beauty ! Creeper in autumn. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall turns into a red wall, which is even more beautiful."}, {"nb": 600, "data": "What is the Earth Hi, I am sitting in a spaceship to heaven to see what the Earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, and it was covered in flower clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert where the yellow sand is flying. It is like the waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-covered South Pole and the North Pole. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 601, "data": "Little rabbit's spring clothes Spring is here, and the creatures on the earth are renewed. The mother rabbit said to the little rabbit, \"We should change clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket on her body and said, \"No, the white leather jacket is beautiful!\" After that, we went to the woods to play. The little rabbit saw the starling wearing a flower dress, and asked strangely, \"Why did you change the white clothes into a flower dress?\" The starling said, \"It is not easy for the enemy to find the spring when you change into a flower dress.\" Bump into a frog. The frog just woke up from hibernation. After showering, his whole body was green. He said to the little rabbit, \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper jumped up and was wearing green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to bounce in the grass. Mom said, it's very suitable to wear this kind of clothes. You should go and change the spring clothes!\" Rabbit went home quickly to change clothes. My mother laughed and said, \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit saw that she had grown a lot of gray hairs and put on a gray spring dress! \"The rabbit met the frog again."}, {"nb": 602, "data": "In the village of hens and golden eggs, there was a greedy and lazy couple. They have a magical hen who actually lays a golden egg every day. Relying on these golden eggs, the couple's life is very good, but they do not cherish the good life now, they are becoming more and more lazy. They were so greedy that they thought that since the hens would lay golden eggs, there would surely be more gold in their bodies. They want to make a fortune immediately. So they killed the hen. But the belly of a hen is just like an ordinary chicken, and it has no gold. Now the couple are dumbfounded. Since then, they will no longer have golden eggs to sustain their lives. Soon, the unwilling husband and wife starved to death at home. Relying on these golden eggs, the couple's life is very good, but they do not cherish the good life now, they are becoming more and more lazy."}, {"nb": 603, "data": "The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock. The wolf asked, \"Good friend, where are you going?\" The cock said, \"Look at the friend.\" The wolf asked again, \"Will we two go together?\" The cock said, \"Why two? There is a dog behind Then! \"The wolf heard it, and quickly turned to escape. The cock said, \"How come two?"}, {"nb": 604, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash."}, {"nb": 605, "data": "Yue Fei Xue wrote Yue Fei was very poor when he was a child. He wants to learn to write, but has no money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it. He said to his mother, \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said, \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he has used branches to learn to write on the sand every day. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it."}, {"nb": 606, "data": "The quilt is a large envelope. At night, I put it in this envelope. The kiss of my mother is a stamp affixed to the envelope. It will send me to a sweet dream ... The quilt is a large envelope. At night, I will put it in this envelope."}, {"nb": 607, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck."}, {"nb": 608, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother."}, {"nb": 609, "data": "What is childhood x? Childhood is a piece of chocolate with bitterness and sweetness. What is childhood? Childhood is the building block of games, helping you build wisdom. What is childhood? Childhood is a small alarm clock that ticks away and lets you cherish every minute."}, {"nb": 610, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky?"}, {"nb": 611, "data": "Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick. Collia 's mood suddenly improved a lot. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia. Collia looked at the cute \"little face\" outside the window and smiled happily. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia."}, {"nb": 612, "data": "The little mouse Lele likes to eat sweet fruit candy. Mom asked Lele: \"Do you know what fruit candy is made of?\" Le Le smiled and said, \"Of course, fruit candy is made from fruit!\" Mom said, \"Let's go to the fruit candy factory and have a look They came to the fruit sugar factory and did not see any fruit, Lele felt strange. The monkey factory director told Lele: \"To make fruit candy, you just need to add fruity flavors, and sugar-coated sticky rice paper is not made of sticky rice. It is made of corn, wheat, etc.\" Mom asked Lele : \"Do you know what is made of fruit candy?"}, {"nb": 613, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. The rabbit raised his head and looked at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?"}, {"nb": 614, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved."}, {"nb": 615, "data": "The more you look at the more you look in the garden, the winter melon lies on the ground, and the eggplant hangs on a branch. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden to see what is the difference between the melon and the eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and said, \"Mom, mom, the melon is big, eggplant It's small! \"Said the mother of the swallow,\" Yes. But, can you go and see again, what's the difference? \"The little swallow flew again, and said,\" Mom, mom, the melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Swallow's mother nodded and said,\" Very good. But can you take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again, and yelled happily when she returned. : \"Mom, Mom, I found that the skin of winter melon has fine hair, and the eggplant has small spines on it!\" Swallow mother smiled happily: \"This child is getting better and better every time.\" The little swallow flew away again And shouted happily when he came back, \" Mom, mom, I found that the skin of winter melon has fine hair, and the handle of eggplant has small spines!"}, {"nb": 616, "data": "The squirrel's tail The little white rabbit saw the squirrel with a big tail and felt very strange. He thought, what use is such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a big tree and landed gently on a small tree. That big light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw him and said, \"You can jump down from a tree that high. It turned out to be a big tail help!\" The squirrel said, \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail tilted, he covered his body. It turns out that when a squirrel sleeps, it treats its big tail as a soft and warm quilt! The squirrel's tail The little white rabbit saw the squirrel with a big tail and felt very strange."}, {"nb": 617, "data": "When it was raining, the little white rabbit was picking mushrooms on the grass and was having a good time. Suddenly, it was blowing wind and rain. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and put it on its head as an umbrella. It won't rain anymore. Suddenly, it saw a chick screaming. \"Chick, come under the leaves!\" So the chick and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing in the rain again. \"Little cat, come under the leaves!\" So three of them were hiding under the big leaves. The rain stopped and they were happily playing together again. The rain stopped and they were happily playing together again."}, {"nb": 618, "data": "The breeze in March whispered the good news to a cloud. Yuner was carrying many small raindrops. The raindrops crackled down and told the good news of a flower on the apple tree. The little bee collecting honey heard the good news and hummed a song to tell every dandelion on the hill. Dandelion didn't say a word, their golden faces smiled in the sunshine after the rain. Everyone now knows the good news-spring is here. Dandelion didn't say a word, their golden faces smiled in the sunshine after the rain."}, {"nb": 619, "data": "Tail Races In the forest, animals have to hold tail races. There are a lot of animals signing up for the competition! On the day of the match, the forest was lively! The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped into the pine tree and performed his own show-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped down from the tree, falling just behind the old monkey. Next are the oxen, swallows, capuchins ... After the game is over, the old monkey scratches his head and says, \"It's all a useful tail. Who should be the champion?\" The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, I saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth!"}, {"nb": 620, "data": "On the river, there was a small wooden bridge. After an elephant walked over it, the wooden bridge became an old ringing bridge. Every day, when the little animals walk on the bridge, they can hear nice songs. Below, the little river is singing, clapping; in the middle, the small wooden bridge is singing, creaking; above, the little bird is singing, babbling. It's so fun! One day, the elephant will cross the river again. The elephant stood by the bridge, listening to the song, \"I can't walk this bridge. If I walk over the bridge, the bridge that can sing will never sing again.\" On the river, there is a small wooden bridge After an elephant walked from above, the wooden bridge became an old ringing bridge."}, {"nb": 621, "data": "Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors. In the morning, the rabbit borrowed a pot from the rooster. The cock said, \"Don't borrow it.\" In the afternoon, the duck asked the cock to help pick water. The cock said, \"Don't go.\" In the evening, there was a sudden strong wind and heavy rain. The roof of the rooster was blown off by the strong wind, and he was so anxious that he barked and jumped. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, and the roof was repaired. The cock looks at the repaired roof, and then the rabbit and duck, and the cock blushes. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof."}, {"nb": 622, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. \"Pearl\" smirked \"and said nothing."}, {"nb": 623, "data": "A hand of gratitude On Thanksgiving Day, a first-grade teacher asked the classmates to draw something they were grateful for. Most of these children are from poor families, so she expected that most of them would draw a table of hearty Thanksgiving dishes. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it! Whose hand is this? Classmates in the class are eager to guess: \"This must be the hand of God who has given us food,\" said a child. \"It's the farmer's. He fed the turkey with this hand.\" Another child continued. After a while of guessing, the students returned to their positions and continued to draw. Then the teacher came to Douglas and bent down to ask his hand. \"That's your hand, teacher.\" He answered timidly. Douglas was short and unpleasant, but the teacher would always take his hand when he was out of class. She often shakes her classmates' hands like this, and everyone is accustomed to it, but this is of great significance to Douglas. Maybe the meaning of Thanksgiving is not to accept gifts, but to take the opportunity to thank others for their contributions, no matter how small they are. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it!"}, {"nb": 624, "data": "Cry in the rain. Will it cry in the light of rain? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why does the little girl cry? Light rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad. Her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl 's tears continued to flow after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Xiao Yu cried in the little girl 's tears. \"Eh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I'm drizzle!\" Drizzle cried, \"Because you can't see anything, I'm sad for you!\" \"Thank you, drizzle!\" The little girl smiled, \"I don't Cry, do n\u2019t cry! Listen, there are so many raindrops laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughed and sang with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears dried up, and the raindrops disappeared, and she had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-colored raindrops, and came to the girl \u2019s eyes, and the girl saw it, and was very happy La! Why does the little girl cry?"}, {"nb": 625, "data": "The snowman \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" Xiaohua took out his tools and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same house, and piled up the snowman. Xiaohua first piled a big snowball with a dustpan as a snowman's body. Xiao Hong took out the bamboo pole and inserted it into the snowball. This is her hand. So the fat body is done. Xiaoli piled up a small head with a dustpan, and it was bad for his eyes, nose, and hat. By the way, iron buckets can be used as hats. Xiaogang took out two small round briquettes and a carrot from his home, pressed on the snowman's face, and drew a curved line with his fingers under the snowman's nose, ha! A snowman has been piled up. The little friends all laughed happily. By the way, iron buckets can be used as hats."}, {"nb": 626, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root."}, {"nb": 627, "data": "Happily, I love my school. There are teachers and classmates in the school. Everyone learns together and is affectionate. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun."}, {"nb": 628, "data": "Beautiful red-crowned cranes are coming. Spring is coming. Groups of beautiful red-crowned cranes sing bright songs from the south. The red-crowned crane has white feathers, but the neck and wings are black. The top of its head is like a ruby \u200b\u200bembedded in red and red. No wonder people call it a red-crowned crane. The red-crowned crane is very cute. It has long legs, a long neck, and a long mouth. Red-crowned cranes appear elegant and graceful, whether they sing and sing on the ground or fly in the sky. It is said that the red-crowned crane is the traveling companion of the immortal, so people call it \"immortal crane\". The Nenjiang River Basin of Heilongjiang Province in my country is the first hometown of red-crowned cranes. There are many red-crowned cranes in the famous Zhalong Red-crowned Crane Nature Reserve! The red-crowned crane has white feathers, but the neck and wings are black. The top of its head is like a ruby \u200b\u200bembedded in red and red. No wonder people call it a red-crowned crane."}, {"nb": 629, "data": "The rainbow stopped in the evening. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky to the west. \"What a beautiful rainbow!\" I said loudly. The younger brother heard the sound and came to the window. The long rainbow stretches in the clear sky to the west, and it looks like a bridge. Red, yellow, green, orange, purple, these colors are very bright. I hurried to the outside of the house in a hurry, and flew towards the rainbow as if running past. I want to run under the rainbow and look up. Run, run, but no matter how I run, I can't catch the rainbow. My brother learns what I look like and opens his hands and looks very happy. Rainbow, you are so beautiful! I hurried to the outside of the house in a hurry, and flew towards the rainbow as if running past."}, {"nb": 630, "data": "I helped my mother do the dishes and had dinner. I was going to help my mother do the dishes. I put water in the pool first, poured a little detergent, and stroked it with my hands. A lot of bubbles popped out of the pool. Next, I soaked the bowl into the sink, and gently washed the inside and the outside of the bowl with a rag. Then, I washed the edges of the bowl, and finally, rinsed with water one by one. I picked up the bowl and rubbed it with my hands. The small bowl made a \"creak\" sound. Yeah, the bowl can sing! I also hummed the minor happily. I am very happy because I help my mother do the dishes. Next, I soaked the bowl into the sink, and gently washed the inside and the outside of the bowl with a rag. Then, I washed the edges of the bowl, and finally, rinsed with water one by one."}, {"nb": 631, "data": "Thumb class Our class has a very nice name, called \"Thumb Class\". You see, there is a bright red \"thumb\" on the wall above the blackboard. There is a line of English \"I'm the best one\" next to it, that is \"I am the first\". Next to the blackboard is a \"sunflower\" red flower table, turquoise leaves, golden disks, and a small piece of \"Hanako\". There are photos of our class children. If anyone has a little red flower, he will happily paste it next to the picture. We also often get more safflowers than anyone else. Everyone wants to be first. The children in the \"thumbs class\" all stand up. Thumb class Our class has a very nice name, called \"Thumb Class\"."}, {"nb": 632, "data": "The ants were saved and the sky slowly darkened. The little ants were still playing on the grass. He said to himself: \"It's going to rain, I have to run home.\" After that, he ran to his house, but the wind was too strong, and the little ant was blown into the river at once, he wow Crying, terrified. Fortunately, there was a leaf floating on the river, so he quickly climbed up the leaf. But the naughty Fenger came to make trouble again ... The little ant was swayed by the wind. At this moment, Sister Butterfly flew up and reached out to help, she said, \"Little ant, climb up quickly, I Bring it home for you. \"After speaking, the little ant jumped to the back of the butterfly. The butterfly spread its wings in the wind and flew up and down. After a while, I sent the little ants home. The parents of the little ant said, \"You are such a good butterfly!\" Fortunately, a leaf floated on the river, so he quickly climbed on this leaf."}, {"nb": 633, "data": "Uncle Gray Cat \"Xiu Xiu\" gave me a little cat named \"Xiu Xiu\". From a distance, \"Xiu Xiu\" looks like a majestic little tiger: a pair of sparkling eyes are embedded on his face, and a long beard is grown near the corner of his mouth; a gray hair feels very comfortable to touch; The long tail is always tilted upwards. So cute ! \"Xiu Xiu\" is a good mouse trap. One night I found \"Xiuxiu\" hiding near a mouse's hole in the corner. After a while, a big mouse came out of the hole and \"Xiu Xiu\" swooped on. Unexpectedly the mouse screamed and ran away from \"Xiu Xiu\" 's paw. \"Xiu Xiu\" Where would you let it go! \"\u564c, \u564c, \u564c\" a few times, then pressed the mouse under the claws. \"Xiu Xiu\" was not in a hurry to eat the mouse. I saw it tossed the mouse into the air, and the mouse ran away as soon as it landed, but did not wait for the mouse to run two steps. The front paws kicked the rat around, and it was a beautiful meal until it tortured the rat so that it would not move. Uncle Gray Cat \"Xiu Xiu\" gave me a little cat named \"Xiu Xiu\"."}, {"nb": 634, "data": "Grandfather Dongdong rode on a donkey and lifted a cold whip all the way from the distant Siberian plains and came to us. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a flower-covered ice cream in the refrigerator. The sycamore turns into a gray coral, and the sparrow is a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window turned into a beautiful screen. Frost was only a butterfly sleeping on the screen. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a flower-covered ice cream in the refrigerator."}, {"nb": 635, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. \"Xu Wenchang turned his eyes and got an idea."}, {"nb": 636, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call."}, {"nb": 637, "data": "Draw a picture of the puppy running in the snow, leaving the puppy's footprints on the snow. The puppy said to the chick, \"Look, look, I will draw plum blossoms.\" The chicken ran in the snow, leaving the footprints of the chicken on the snow. The chick said to the puppy, \"Look, you see, I can draw bamboo leaves.\" The puppy said to the chick, \"Look, you see, I can draw plum blossoms.\""}, {"nb": 638, "data": "It's windy. I asked my mother, \"What is the wind like?\" My mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know, what do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"When the wind is like a barber, when I am happy, I comb my hair neatly When I was angry, my hair was blown into chaos. \"When she heard it, she praised,\" Yes, yes! Your imagination is so rich. \"I asked my mother,\" What is the wind like?"}, {"nb": 639, "data": "She quickly wiped a large number of matches to keep her grandmother. A large number of matches glowed intensely, shining as brightly as in the day. Grandma has never been taller and more beautiful than she is now. Grandma picked up the little girl and held her in her arms. The two of them flew away in a happy light, and flew higher and higher, and went to a place where there was no hunger, no cold, and no pain. Grandma has never been taller and more beautiful than she is now."}, {"nb": 640, "data": "Recruitment Notice The little calf is so lonely that he wants to find a friend. He posted a \"recruitment notice\" in front of the bullpen, which said: \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, play together, bask in the sun, and learn to farm together. Who can Do the above, welcome to contact ... \"\" Solicitation of Friends \"has just been posted, and everyone is eager to see it. But the goats, the hounds, the cats, and the foals came one by one in excitement, one by one shaking their heads and leaving in disappointment. \"Well, the world is so big, why can't a friend be found?\" The calf complained to the old cow. After listening to the little calf, the old cow smiled and taught him a way. The next day, the little calf posted a \"recruitment note\": \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, or play with the sun, or learn to farm together. Who If you can do one of them, you are welcome to contact us ... \"As soon as the new\" Recruitment Notice \"was posted, the front of the bullpen became lively. Everyone surrounded the little calves. The goat said, \"Let me graze with you!\" The hound said, \"Let me play with you!\" The cat said, \"Let me accompany you to bask in the sun!\" The foal said, \"Let me study farming with you.\" \"After a while, the calf had many friends. He posted a \"recruitment notice\" in front of the bullpen, which read: \"I want to find a friend.\""}, {"nb": 641, "data": "Little white rabbit wants to build a building, but I don't know which floor to live in. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother rooster, which floor should I live in?\" The rooster said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor. The building is warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day when construction started, the goat father came, and he advised the little white rabbit to lay the foundation, otherwise the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter. I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. Little White Rabbit's building was just finished, and it was raining heavily in the \"Booming\". The black soil below the building turned into mud, and the building fell down. On the second floor where the little white rabbit was to live, it broke to the east and one to the west, and fell to the ground. Little White Rabbit's building was just finished, and it was raining heavily in the \"Booming\". The black soil below the building turned into mud, and the building fell down."}, {"nb": 642, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home!"}, {"nb": 643, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I strolled to the flowerbed, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower of Wuxi, clusters, clusters, blooming so lively! Some of these rhododendrons are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petaled flowers bloom so heavily that they are clustered together, with a cluster of stamens standing in the middle. They drove in clusters in groups of three or five, as if their close friends were talking about something. Look, that single petal flower is not bad either. A few petals are gathered together, like a five-point star and a small trumpet, \"ticking ticking\" playing the hymns of spring. I couldn't help coming forward to smell it, ah, the faint fragrance passing by the tip of my nose was intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent, and flew to the flowers to sing wonderful songs; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed to the stamen, carrying a large bag of grain, and went home cheerfully ... As the saying goes, \"Safflower I need a green leaf to line it up. \u201dTurn off the petals. The emerald green leaves are oval, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves are more beautiful. Some of these rhododendrons are double-petaled and some are single-petaled."}, {"nb": 644, "data": "Words on the beach Little crabs practice writing on the beach by the sea. He wrote and wrote, the words became crooked. Uncle Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his words. The little crab writes again. It was written, and the words became crooked again. Uncle Ocean came again to help him erase the words. The little crab was not discouraged. He was suffocated and started writing again. This time he wrote a little bit slower, but he took care to write it. The lines were lined up one after the other, and the writing was neat and straight. The mother of seagulls flying by the sea said to her little seagulls, \"Look, how beautiful the words of the little crab are!\" \"Mom, what is he writing?\" The little seagulls asked. \"What he wrote was: Good boys are not afraid of hardships,\" said Mother Seagull. This time, Uncle Wave never washed the word away, but left the word on the beach all the time. Uncle Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his words."}, {"nb": 645, "data": "The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby. They keep quarreling all day long. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house. They were afraid of the other side eating too much, so they kept quarreling. When a fox came, it said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divided the bread into big and small, and fat and chubby said, \"It's not fair.\" The fox said, \"It's not easy. The fox took a big bite, and the big became small. Fatty and chubby still felt unfair, and the fox took a bite again. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating. Only then did the brothers realize that they were deceived by the sly fox and regretted it. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating."}, {"nb": 646, "data": "Happy Grass Boy Jimmy 's mother has a farm, but Jimmy can't help her with some farm work. Because Jimmy is also very busy, he is busy looking for a kind of happy grass for his mother. That day, Jimmy met a rabbit. After listening to Jimmy's plan, the rabbit said, \"Don't look for this kind of grass. We eat this grass every day, but it doesn't bring us a sense of happiness. Help your mother to do more farm work That way, you will be happy. \"Jimmy thought the rabbit made sense, so he returned to his mother's farm to help his mother. Not only did Jimmy learn to weed on the farm, he also learned to raise sheep and grow vegetables. Jimmy 's mother said to Jimmy, \"My child, my mother is so happy with you!\" Jimmy smiled embarrassedly. He only knew now that happiness has always been in his heart. Not only did Jimmy learn to weed on the farm, he also learned to raise sheep and grow vegetables."}, {"nb": 647, "data": "My little paradise This summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, asparagus, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught a lot of small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once."}, {"nb": 648, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. The spring doll said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a loud song. The spring doll said something to Xiaohua, and Xiaohua opened her red mouth. The spring doll said something to the wild goose, and the wild goose flew home from the south. The spring doll's ability is so big that everything in the world listens to it! The spring doll said something to the wild goose, and the wild goose flew home from the south."}, {"nb": 649, "data": "Why do hippos always soak in the water? Hippos are a mammal that lives in African lakes. If the hippopotamus does not stay in the water, the skin will dry out over time, so the hippopotamus always likes to soak in the water during the day and breathes his head out of the water. Hippos have thick subcutaneous fat and can float on the water effortlessly. Hippos are very good at diving. Ears and noses can be closed automatically to prevent water from entering. When a hippopotamus encounters an enemy, it can dive a few hundred meters away to avoid it. In the evening, it was cooler, and the hippopotamus came ashore to sleep, or went to find food to eat. If the hippopotamus does not stay in the water, the skin will dry out over time, so the hippopotamus always likes to soak in the water during the day and breathes his head out of the water."}, {"nb": 650, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew into the sky with his plane. \"Oh, it flies!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene, thought and said, \"It seems that as long as you use your brain, there is nothing you can't do.\" The frog flew up holding the balloon, it was very happy."}, {"nb": 651, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met."}, {"nb": 652, "data": "Encounter of a monkey A monkey cleverly climbed to a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make all kinds of comments. The rabbit said, \"It's ugly to look at the monkey's tail like a dead branch!\" The weasel said, \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red sores, it's disgusting!\" The dog said, \"The monkey is so thin and the tree climbs so Quickly, it must be an expert at stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who said,\" Monkeys are very skillful at climbing trees! You do n\u2019t climb trees. It does n\u2019t matter. It \u2019s not good to always look for the disadvantages of others. This is not good. You go home and look in the mirror to see what's wrong with you! \"The monkey encountered a monkey cleverly climbed to a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make all kinds of comments."}, {"nb": 653, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 654, "data": "The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest."}, {"nb": 655, "data": "The walking moon Xiaoyanyan likes to go to her grandmother's house. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path. Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did the moon follow us to grandma's house?\" The mother said, \"The moon loves Xiaoyanyan. Wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon follows.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought \"Mom, let's go back.\" \"Why?\" Mom was surprised. \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ...\" Mom laughed. He said, \"Good boy, the moon loves your dad, too, and there is a moon on the dad's side.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused. She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\" Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed."}, {"nb": 656, "data": "The roads in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, will be low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When I went uphill, I shouted, \"Come on! Come on!\" When I went downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind me, I shouted, \"Dash!\" Look, the car is driving far away. Bumps in the waves. How the road in Qingdao looks like the waves of the sea, one volt together, one volt together ... The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, one volt ..."}, {"nb": 657, "data": "A seed sleeps in the dirt. When he woke up and felt very warm, he held his body up. It was a little thirsty. After taking a sip of water, it felt very comfortable, and it held up its body. The spring breeze was blowing gently. The seed asked the earthworm: \"What's the sound outside?\" The earthworm said, \"That's the spring breeze. The spring breeze is telling us to go outside.\" \"What's it like outside? Is it so dark?\" \"No, it's bright outside.\" Earthworm As he said, he was digging out, \"I'll help you loosen the soil, so you can dig out.\" Seeds were very happy when they heard it, and they stood upright again. The spring breeze is singing, the springs are singing, the birds are singing, and the children are singing. When Seed heard that it was very lively outside, he quickly said, \"Ah, I'm going out!\" Seed held her body up again, and suddenly her eyes brightened. Ah, a bright world! \" Come on."}, {"nb": 658, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her."}, {"nb": 659, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bee is really hardworking and came to the garden early in the morning to collect nectar. It flies in and out of flowers to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee, \"Let's take a break, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"It's noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big flower clock here Ah! \"The bee glanced around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower pan. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one kind of flower was opening. Lark said: \"This kind of flower is called noon flower. She only blooms at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!\" The bee asked: \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory usually blooms at four, rose at five, rose at 6 o'clock, peony at seven, lotus At eight o'clock, at ten o'clock is Banzhilian. \"\" Without an alarm clock, the circadian clock in their bodies wakes them up! \"\" I have learned another way to master time! \"Said the bee happily. \"Little Bee asked:\" Is the flower opening time fixed?"}, {"nb": 660, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. The owl was waiting on the tree to catch the field mouse. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\""}, {"nb": 661, "data": "Beijing is the capital of our country. The five-star red flag is the national flag of our country. We love Beijing. We love the five-star red flag. We love the People's Republic of China. We love the five-star red flag."}, {"nb": 662, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. \"Said the Hercules, grabbed the handkerchief and threw it over the wall."}, {"nb": 663, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. Then I want to see what ice really looks like."}, {"nb": 664, "data": "Autumn creepers There are many creepers under the porch behind the podium of our school. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor. In summer, the green leaves of a wall all point downward, which is very beautiful. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall turns into a red wall, which is even more beautiful. The bunches of red leaves are like autumn maple leaves, like piles of small flames, like red butterflies, and like the red sunset at that day. Under the mountain climbing tigers are blooming bright autumn chrysanthemums. All this became the brightest scenery in our school. We ran around under the eaves, playing freely, and the mountain climber made our happy smiles red. What a beauty ! Creeper in autumn. Autumn creepers There are many creepers under the porch behind the podium of our school."}, {"nb": 665, "data": "Qian Zhongshu said so that after Qian Zhongshu's novel \"The Besieged City\" was filmed as a TV series, the TV station had to pay him more than 10,000 yuan in manuscript remuneration. Qian Lao insisted on not accepting it. Eighteen provincial television stations in China co-produced the \"Celebrities in Contemporary Chinese Culture\", and Qian Lao was included in the first group of 36 people. He also declined politely. When it was learned that the subject would be paid a reward, Qian Laoer smiled: \"I have surnamed a lifetime of money, is it still superstitious about money?\" A smile: \"I've been surnamed money for a lifetime. Is it still superstitious?"}, {"nb": 666, "data": "Gift On my birthday, my mother gave me a special birthday gift. A cute bird is kept in a new cage. Outside the window, the birds sang on the branches. I opened the birdcage and let out the birds. The bird flew quickly into the sky. This is my gift to nature. Gift On my birthday, my mother gave me a special birthday gift."}, {"nb": 667, "data": "Fifi, the little rabbit, has a pair of long ears. Two big teeth in the three-flap mouth are exposed. A few long beards shake and shake. In addition, it is wearing a gray long-haired coat. It's a favorite! It also has four very strong legs that have shown all the limelight at the forest games. One day, Feifei went out to play and saw the kitten \u2019s eyes like emeralds. When he came home, he asked his mother, \u201cMom, mom, why are my eyes red? Look, the kitten \u2019s eyes are green and beautiful. But I ... \"My mother smiled and said,\" You do n\u2019t understand. We have no pigments in our bodies, only blood, so the eyes are red. In fact, your eyes look pretty! \"\" Oh, I know My eyes are red, not a disease, but a normal physiological phenomenon! \"Fifi said happily. One day, Fifi went out to play and saw the kitten's eyes like emeralds. When she came home, she asked her mother, \"Mom, mom, why are my eyes red?\""}, {"nb": 668, "data": "Xiaoyu swims. After a few days, her tail becomes shorter. They swam beside the lotus and saw a large frog squatting on the lotus leaf, wearing green clothes, showing a white belly, and a pair of big eyes. Xiaoyu swims over and yells, \"Mom, Mom!\" Mother Frog looked down and said with a smile, \"Good boy, you've grown into frogs, jump up!\" They kicked their hind legs and moved forward. A jump, jumped to the lotus leaf. \"Mother Frog looked down and said with a smile,\" Good boy, you have grown into frogs. Jump up! \""}, {"nb": 669, "data": "Washing the dishesTonight, after eating, I said to my mother, \"Let's rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mom said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Mom I happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where I placed them next to the sink. I put hot water in the sink first, dripped a few drops of detergent, and then carefully washed the bowl. I took a dishwasher in my right hand and a bowl in my left hand and rubbed it hard with a dishcloth. I wiped the inside out and then the outside until it was clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until it was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and cleaned each bowl thoroughly. In the end I put the bowls neatly in the cabinet. After all was done, I happily said to my mother, \"I have completed the task, please check.\" The mother checked it, and happily said, \"Baby, you are really capable!\" I listened, and my heart was so sweet. Washing the dishes Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother, \"Let 's take a rest and let me wash the dishes."}, {"nb": 670, "data": "The walls \"sweated\" This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the walls of my house were wet. Taking a closer look, it turned out that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these small drops of water come from? Does the wall sweat too? I thought it was weird, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"This is called the wall is still wet, because the weather is hot and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" The walls are wet. Will it be naive to rain? I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun had lost its former power, and the sun was not so bright. But there is no dark cloud in the sky. How could it rain? This weather lasted for two or three days, and it really rained. I finally understood: the walls \"sweat\" and it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster! Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster!"}, {"nb": 671, "data": "George and his small axe George got a small axe, and itching in his heart, he wanted to try the axe sharp but not sharp. When he ran to the garden and saw a tree, he didn't even think about it, he raised a small axe and cut the tree. After a while, Dad was back. \"Who cut down my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily. \"If I know who did it, I ...\" George lowered his head and said, \"Dad, I want to try my little axe. . \"Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He took hold of George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm glad. I would rather lose twelve cherry trees than lie once.\" He ran to the garden and saw a tree, Without thinking about it, I raised my axe and cut down the tree."}, {"nb": 672, "data": "Little grass baby In our campus, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, Sister Feng blows gently, and the baby grass nods, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground."}, {"nb": 673, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered, like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white flour sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, holding a handful of snow on the ground, and stared for a long time. \"No, it's not white noodles!\" Another girl said, \"It's cotton, my grandpa said.\" \"It's the girl Baiyun who was afraid of freezing the wheat seedlings, and sent a thick quilt to the wheat field.\" \"No! No! A round-faced child waved his hands again and again. \"My mother said that snowflakes are the petals that Sister Spring has dropped from the sky, and the petals are falling. Spring is coming!\" \"No, it's not white flour!\""}, {"nb": 674, "data": "Several people who eat watermelon in Avanti want to tease Avanti, ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and them were laughing while eating watermelon. Those people secretly threw Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon peels behind Afanti, and said, \"Oh, so many melons, how many watermelons did Afanti eat! He must be so bad!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said unhurriedly, \"It seems that I'm not as shy as you. Why don't you even eat the melon?\" Or how can you even eat melon?"}, {"nb": 675, "data": "The heating from the phone came very early this winter. The heavy snow had long covered the fields and blocked every trail. Mr. Porcupine hasn't seen the little white rabbit for three days. He misses his good friend very much. He knows that little white rabbits are very afraid of cold. Maybe, at the moment he was hiding in the corner of the room, trembling. Mr. Porcupine said to himself, \"I should give the little white rabbit a little\u2018 heater \u2019.\u201d After a while, the little white rabbit's phone rang. Little White Rabbit picked up the phone. Mr. Porcupine's gentle voice came from the phone. He was reading an article. \"That year, I came to the tropical forest. The hot sun was on my head, people were sweating, and there were green trees and red flowers all around ...\" The little white rabbit listened, and never shivered coldly A telephone tube close to his ears sent him bursts of \"heating\". Little White Rabbit picked up the phone. Mr. Porcupine's gentle voice came from the phone. He was reading an article."}, {"nb": 676, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! \"The cat insisted."}, {"nb": 677, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on a bench and eating snowballs with a big mouthful. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and snow flakes fell down one after another. \"I am Father Snow, you are welcome to come here.\" Masha came to Father Snow-the house made of ice, the wall with snowflakes embedded in it, and the bed was covered with snow mattresses. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Snow-white father-in-law said, \"I still have something wonderful here!\" Snow-white father raised the snow mattress, a piece of green wheat! Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it underneath?\" Snow-white father smiled: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter! The pests in the ground came across me and could not stand the cold, and they froze to death. Now. \"Oh, that's it. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly. She seemed to see spring when the wheat was heading and blooming. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly."}, {"nb": 678, "data": "The little cat breeds fish. The farmers plant corn in the field. In autumn, they collect a lot of corn. Farmers planted peanuts in the field. In autumn, they collected a lot of peanuts. When the little cat saw it and planted the small fish in the ground, did it collect a lot of small fish? The little cat breeds fish. The farmers plant corn in the field. In autumn, they collect a lot of corn."}, {"nb": 679, "data": "Hometown children love their hometown. They used a paintbrush to paint their beautiful hometown. Yang Yang's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains. The mountains he painted are so high and the water is so clear. Pingping's hometown is in the plain. The plain he painted is so beautiful, golden rice, snow-white cotton, and a large green field. Yuanyuan's hometown is in the grassland. The prairie he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very tall. They used a paintbrush to paint their beautiful hometown."}, {"nb": 680, "data": "Giant pandas There are many rare animals in our country. The most lovely ones are the giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When the panda was small, he was very lively and liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I do n\u2019t like much activity, I often hold my head in my paws, and sleep loudly. Go tease it, it will open its eyes and look at it, and then sleep again. Sometimes it also swings its chubby body and walks around looking for food to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it hugs bamboo and eats deliciously. Giant pandas There are many rare animals in our country. The most lovely ones are the giant pandas."}, {"nb": 681, "data": "Some mother earth mothers don't take care of the children of mother earth. They cut down trees, fold flowers, and destroy grassland. Mother Earth lost her child, naked, basked by the sun, and blown by the cold wind. After a few days, Mother Earth became ill, her skin cracked, and she gradually lost her luster, and the world became gray. Mother Earth hopes that we can take care of her and let her return to her former glory. Some mother earth mothers don't take care of the children of mother earth. They cut down trees, fold flowers, and destroy grassland."}, {"nb": 682, "data": "There are three little goldfishes in goldfish learning. They look very beautiful. They find it very boring to swim in the water every day, so they decided to learn a little skill. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was caught by a hermit crab. After a lesson learned, it started to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"Scavenger\" (a kind of fish nickname) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so they decided to learn this line. At the beginning it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long for me to get tired. It said: \"Cleaning the environment every day, back pain, I can't stand it.\" In the end, it was only halfway. The third naughty little goldfish learns to swim with swordfish. As soon as the swordfish said the essentials of learning to swim, it swims impatiently. I thought: I will have these things for a long time, and there is nothing to learn. One month later, the blister-eye little goldfish learned something, and the other two little goldfish could only swim to and fro without success. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab."}, {"nb": 683, "data": "I'm a weather forecaster. Don't look at my young age, but I can see the change of wind and rain; Dongqing Ximian can't wait to eat, swallows are going to rain, frogs are crying, ants are moving, fish are tumbling under the heavy rain. Sunny and rainy, I knew that I was a weather forecaster. Sunny and rainy, I knew that I was a weather forecaster."}, {"nb": 684, "data": "At daybreak, the bird woke up and sang sternly: \"Dewdrops, crystal clear. Like little pearls, hanging on the grass.\" The sun heard, and said, \"What is the dewdrop? Let me see.\" The sun opened her eyes and looked hard at the grass, but saw nothing. The sun froze, \"Well, where's the dewdrop, where has it gone?\" The sun froze, \"Well, where is the dewdrop, where has it gone?\""}, {"nb": 685, "data": "Seeing the animals knowing the weather The changing weather directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, as the humidity in the air increased, the water absorbed by the soil increased greatly, so the ant nests built in the soil became humid. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar."}, {"nb": 686, "data": "It 's autumn and the goat teacher takes the little animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. The goat teacher said, \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you. What color do you like?\" The bear said, \"I like gold, because rice is golden and golden, and it brings us harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said, \"I like red, because apples are red. Red apples are sweet and sweet, and they symbolize enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said, \"I like purple, because eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobleness.\" The goat The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautiful our world is dressed!\" The red apple is sweet and sweet, symbolizing enthusiasm."}, {"nb": 687, "data": "The kitten is a small cat with black and white hair all over it. Its small and exquisite face has a pair of bright eyes. These two eyes are blue in the morning and yellow at noon, and in the evening they turn green again, like two glowing light bulbs. It also pays great attention to hygiene. In the morning, it stretches and stretches its lazy waist, licks its hair with its tongue, and uses its paws to wash its face. Then it finds a warmer place, and rests with its eyes closed. These two eyes are blue in the morning and yellow at noon, and in the evening they turn green again, like two glowing light bulbs."}, {"nb": 688, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin and asked the penguin to send a piece of ice."}, {"nb": 689, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins."}, {"nb": 690, "data": "The shadow of a duck catching a fish crescent flashes in the water. When the little duck saw it, he thought it was a fish, and hurried to catch it. But it couldn't catch it. It understood, this is the shadow of the crescent moon, not a fish. After a while, a fish came over. The little duck thought: This must be the shadow of the crescent again, but don't be fooled again. It didn't catch it and turned its tail away. In this way, the duckling freed a fish. It understood, this is the shadow of the crescent moon, not a fish."}, {"nb": 691, "data": "Sun flower I like the sun flower. It is one of the most common flowers in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender and it seems that water will come out with a stab in the hand. Sunflower leaves are very special. They are small and thick. The surface of the leaves looks like a thin layer of wax, which is smooth and green. The color of the sun flower is particularly bright, some are white as jade, some bright red as fire, and some golden as gold, and the pink is like a layer of faint rouge, the flowers are not large, and the multi-layered petals are naturally delicate. The single-layered petals are so pretty, they are really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because it is bright in color, but also because it has tenacious vitality. It is not afraid of the sun, wind and rain, so it always flourishes, just insert a small stem, insert In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom. The stems of sunflowers are red and green."}, {"nb": 692, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is big and heavy at first, and it \u2019s even heavier with satellites or something. So I had to be sent to the sky by a rocket. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I was able to fly into space orbit by myself and keep flying around the earth. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can taxi and land on my own like an airplane, so I can reuse it instead of scrapping it like a rocket just once. When returning to the ground, I can taxi and land on my own like an airplane, so I can reuse it instead of scrapping it like a rocket just once."}, {"nb": 693, "data": "There was a little rhino in the mirror. When he saw the camel, he said, \"Humpback, Humpback!\" When he saw the giraffe, he said, \"Go and catch the sparrow!\" \"Am I ugly?\" Camel said angrily, \"If two more grow up Humps, will be even more beautiful. \"\" He is ugly! \"The giraffe was angry.\" Let him see his ugly face! \"Really, everyone really got a mirror and went to find the rhino . The little rhino came to the mirror and shouted out loud: What an ugly monster! What is on his nose? Hahaha! Everyone now knows that the little rhino is a fool who only laughs at others. When he saw the camel, he said, \"Humpback, Humpback!"}, {"nb": 694, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountains; in the fields, the sun jumps out of Mai Lang; in the city, the sun flies out of the gap between the building and the building; in our home, the sun squeezes through the slits of the curtain Come out; in the school, the sun cried out from the sound of children reading. In our house, the sun was squeezed out of the slits of the curtains;"}, {"nb": 695, "data": "Darwin Watering Flowers Darwin was very interested in flowers, insects, and fish, and was a very curious child. Once, Darwin and his friends played in the park. They talked about a cluster of golden primroses, talking eloquently: \"Why is the flower golden?\" \"Can its color change?\" Darwin's eyes widened and he looked for a while, surely the location Nodded and said, \"Well, this flower is golden by the sun! Because the sun is also golden. If you want to change the color of the flower, I see no problem!\" After that, Darwin ran home, found the watering can, and Get the red and blue ink on Dad's desk to the garden. He said with confidence: \"Look at me, when I pour it in red water, it will bloom red flowers; when I pour blue water, I will bloom blue flowers.\" As a result, Darwin failed, and this matter became his mind. A treasure in China. From small to large, he kept exploring and learning, and answered one question after another. Later, Darwin became a world-renowned biologist. Surrounded by a clump of golden primroses, they talked eloquently: \"Why are the flowers golden?"}, {"nb": 696, "data": "Kangaroo and gold An old kangaroo takes his child out of the way. When he was tired of walking and put down the child to rest, he found a pile of gold around him. The old kangaroo looked at the golden gold and still put his child in the bag. The grass on the side of the road said to the kangaroo, \"Wouldn't you use your sack to fill a bag full of gold?\" \"No.\" The kangaroo said, \"I still want my child. In my mother's heart, I lost it. Loved ones, gold is worthless. \"The old kangaroo looked at Jin Chancan's gold and still put his child in the bag."}, {"nb": 697, "data": "Spring is here, snow and ice knows that it is running water bouncing; spring is here, little grass knows, gets out of its head and looks around; spring is here, wind knows, blowing green fields and birds; spring is coming, The child knows that the higher the sky, the higher the kite. Spring is here, and the child knows that the higher the sky on the kite, the higher it goes."}, {"nb": 698, "data": "My mark I am very short, with small eyes, small noses, and small mouths concentrated on my face, but the pair of big ears is particularly conspicuous. When I was young, I was very mischievous. Therefore, my ears often suffer like this: Papa pulls the left ear, and mom pulls the right ear to punish me for not. I heard my mother said that when I fell to the ground, she noticed a small ear on my right ear at a glance, and determined that it was my mark, and thought it was her inheritance. Everyone who has seen me at one glance says that I am very smart, and that I must be very productive and blessed in the future. I asked them why it was, they said, \"Because you have a little ear longer than others.\" In fact, whether people will be successful in the future, whether they have blessings, have nothing to do with their ears, they must rely on their own hard work and hard work Are you saying that? When I was young, I was very mischievous. Therefore, my ears often suffer like this: Papa pulls the left ear, and mom pulls the right ear to punish me for not."}, {"nb": 699, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer said as she unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone."}, {"nb": 700, "data": "Wonderful nose insects have no noses. What do they rely on to smell? It turned out that the insects had a pair of slender whiskers called antennae. When the insect's tentacles shake, they can smell a variety of odors. If the insect 's tentacles are cut off, it can't tell the smell. What do they rely on to smell?"}, {"nb": 701, "data": "The spring of willows is here, and shoots burst from the branches of the willows, which flutter in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together. When Xiaojun saw that the wicker was very beautiful, he folded it and played with it. At this moment, Xiaofang saw hurriedly and said, \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated hard by the gardener Berber, and are for everyone to appreciate. We must love it and cannot damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with shame: \"I will never pick flowers again and again.\" Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to the park to play together."}, {"nb": 702, "data": "Brain writer Mark Twain received a letter from a young student who was just beginning to write. The writer is very interested in this question: \"I heard that fish bones contain a lot of phosphorus, and phosphorus helps fill the brain. So to become a world-renowned writer, you must eat a lot of fish. I wonder if this statement is true? \"He asked again,\" Did you also eat a lot of fish, which kind of fish? \"Mark Twain wrote back,\" It seems you have to eat a pair of whales Only. \"The writer was interested in such a question:\" I heard that fish bones contain a lot of phosphorus, which helps to replenish the brain."}, {"nb": 703, "data": "Spiders in flower clothes The spiders have been wearing gray clothes for generations. The old spider always warned the little spider: Although this kind of clothes is not good-looking, it is easy to hide and not easy to be found by prey. If you want to have a full stomach, don't worry about dressing yourself up handsomely. If you want to be beautiful, you must have a party like the butterfly. The spiders all listened to their elders, and for generations, they wore unshakable clothes and kept on the net we woven. They looked forward to the prey of thick branches and leaves. However, beauty is indeed too seductive. One day, a few spiders resolutely took off their gray clothes and put on colorful dresses. All the flowering branches fluttered, so unhappy. The old spider with lessons hastened to warn the remaining spiders: \"Kids, don't learn from them! They are so flaunting, sure to lose! You just wait and see!\" But the old spider's words did not come true. Not only are the spiders in flower clothes not hungry, they also catch more bugs than other spiders. Because there are many beautiful bugs in the forest, treat their flowers and clothes as blooming flowers! \"But the words of the old spider were not fulfilled."}, {"nb": 704, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. The spring doll said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a loud song. The spring doll said something to Xiaohua, and Xiaohua opened her red mouth. The spring doll said something to the wild goose, and the wild goose flew home from the south. The spring doll's ability is so big that everything in the world listens to it! The spring doll said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a loud song."}, {"nb": 705, "data": "Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset. One day, the ants climbed into the tree to find food, and they encountered bees in the flowers. The ant asked, \"Bee, do you say I'm hard-working?\" The bee said, \"You, like me, are busy all day.\" The ant asked, \"Why do people only praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: \" Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \"One day, the ant climbed to the tree to find food, and was encountering bees in the flowers."}, {"nb": 706, "data": "A hand of gratitude On Thanksgiving Day, a first-grade teacher asked the classmates to draw something they were grateful for. Most of these children are from poor families, so she expected that most of them would draw a table of hearty Thanksgiving dishes. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it! Whose hand is this? Classmates in the class are eager to guess: \"This must be the hand of God who has given us food,\" said a child. \"It's the farmer's. He fed the turkey with this hand.\" Another child continued. After a while of guessing, the students returned to their positions and continued to draw. Then the teacher came to Douglas and bent down to ask his hand. \"That's your hand, teacher.\" He answered timidly. Douglas was short and unpleasant, but the teacher would always take his hand when he was out of class. She often shakes her classmates' hands like this, and everyone is accustomed to it, but this is of great significance to Douglas. Maybe the meaning of Thanksgiving is not to accept gifts, but to take the opportunity to thank others for their contributions, no matter how small they are. Whose hand is this? Classmates in the class are eager to guess: \"This must be the hand of God who has given us food."}, {"nb": 707, "data": "Colorful Bridge Little Swallow is going to the Colorful Bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and nights, and never stops. It's windy and rainy, it's not afraid, it always keeps flying forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun smiled, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, what a colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily. The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 708, "data": "Little snail things happen in spring. The snail mother said to the child, \"Go and play in the woods. The leaves should sprout.\" The little snail crawled very slowly and slowly, and it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mom, the small trees in the grove are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mother Snail said, \"Oh, it's summer! Go and pick some strawberries and come back. The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to return. It said: \"Mom, strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" The snail mother said, \"Oh, it's autumn! Go and pick some mushrooms and come back.\" The little snail crawled and crawled for a long time just came back. It said, \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" The snail mother said, \"Oh, it's winter! Well, you should hide at home for the winter!\" It said, \"Mom The small trees in the grove are covered with leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!"}, {"nb": 709, "data": "In a blink of an eye, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again. As soon as he closed the door, he heard someone knocking on it. It turned out that the little duck was watching it. The little duck said, \"Brother Hedgehog, in order to cure your arthritis, I knit together the hairs I usually shed, and sew you a soft duvet, so that you can sleep well all winter. In a blink of an eye, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again."}, {"nb": 710, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a teacher who gave a question to students: see who can buy a thing with little money and can fill the study room. After school, the students went to the market. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took out a candle from his sleeve and lit it. The candlelight lit the whole room at once. When he saw him, he happily said, \"Oh! Good! Han Yu is really smart!\" When he saw him, he happily said, \"Oh!"}, {"nb": 711, "data": "Little white rabbit wants to build a building, but I don't know which floor to live in. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother rooster, which floor should I live in?\" The rooster said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor. The building is warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day when construction started, the goat father came, and he advised the little white rabbit to lay the foundation, otherwise the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter. I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. Little White Rabbit's building was just finished, and it was raining heavily in the \"Booming\". The black soil below the building turned into mud, and the building fell down. On the second floor where the little white rabbit was to live, it broke to the east and one to the west, and fell to the ground. On the second floor where the little white rabbit was going to live, it broke to the east and one to the west, and fell to the ground."}, {"nb": 712, "data": "Four wishes Mi Jia and her companions finished the snow battle and went skating on the lake again. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is fun, and I wish it would always be winter!\" My father said, \"Write down your wishes!\" Mi Jia wrote down her first wish. Here comes spring, Mi Jia is chasing colorful butterflies on the green grass. She cheerfully said to her father, \"Spring is so beautiful, I hope it will always be spring!\" The father took out a small book and let Mi Jia write down a second wish. It is summer . Mi Jia and his father went to the suburbs, catching small fish, picking mushrooms, and turning their heads in the shade, they had a great time. She said to her father with satisfaction: \"Summer is great, I wish that summer would never pass!\" Mi Jia wrote this wish in a small book again. In autumn, there were many fruits in the orchard. Mi Jia helped his father to pick off the red apples, and helped grandma to carry a basket of grapes home. She excitedly said to her father, \"Autumn is better than any season!\" My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same. \"Mi Jia took note of her first wish."}, {"nb": 713, "data": "My father said to me, \"At the moment when the bird lived the most, the moment the bird flew off the branch, it was the easiest to be hit by a hunter.\" I asked strangely, \"Why?\" My father said, \"The bird at dawn, wings Wet and fly heavy. \"I'm so glad that my father is not a hunter. \"My father said,\" Birds at dawn have wet wings and fly heavy."}, {"nb": 714, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. \"The pigeon hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond."}, {"nb": 715, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. In front of the village is a crescent-like river and a stone bridge over the river. The river slowly flowed around the village, and schools of fish swam around in the river. The clear river reflects small bridges, green trees and green mountains. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, looking far away, like a piece of green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay. Moon Bay is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 716, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. \"He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote."}, {"nb": 717, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiao He only showed sharp and pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood up.\" This is a poem I recited before. I didn't really see this scene until I came to the pond. A pool of turquoise lotus leaves squeezed next to each other and swayed gently in the breeze. On the lotus leaf, there were glittering dew drops, which slipped into the water from time to time. Blossoming lotus flowers emerged from the large disc-shaped lotus leaves, and some were shyly wrapped in flower-bone flowers, while others bloomed pink petals, exposing yellow flower stamens, exuding tempting Fragrance. The dragonfly sister has long been intoxicated by the beauty in front of her eyes. She flutters her wings and sometimes stays on this lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire. Sometimes she smells the fragrance on that lotus flower. She can't help but admire: \"Beautiful lotus!\" I'm sorry to say, \"I can't be beautiful without my sister's backing!\" The lotus girl is embarrassed to say, \"I can't be beautiful without my sister's backing!\""}, {"nb": 718, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand."}, {"nb": 719, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. The two of them asked the old cow to comment. The old cow said, \"You both only see your strengths, you can't see your weaknesses. This is not right. There are walls around the garden, and many trees are planted inside. Outside the wall."}, {"nb": 720, "data": "The scenery in Butterfly Valley is very charming. In some valleys, there is only a yellow butterfly. Under the sun's rays, it is golden and brilliant. In some valleys, there are several kinds of butterflies. They fly up and down, and they are colorful, just like who sprayed a handful of colorful petals in the air, which fluttered with the wind, and then with the wind. In some valleys, there are several kinds of butterflies. They fly up and down, and they are colorful, just like who sprayed a handful of colorful petals in the air, which fluttered with the wind, and then with the wind."}, {"nb": 721, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward? . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. The rat was very panicked."}, {"nb": 722, "data": "Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true. But without me, you are not.\" Hong didn't believe it, but she was even more proud. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun."}, {"nb": 723, "data": "The fox opened a shop. The fox opened a shop and sold vinegar and cloth. The little pig was vinegarless and had little vinegar, and the little rabbit pulled the cloth too much. The little pig and small rabbit asked him to make up for it. You said that such a small shop, would you like to visit again? The little pig was vinegarless and had little vinegar, and the little rabbit pulled the cloth too much. The little pig and small rabbit asked him to make up for it."}, {"nb": 724, "data": "The colorful blood I do n\u2019t know who threw the broken glass on the road, causing dozens of earthworms to be stabbed while crossing the road, and he was in a coma because of too much bleeding and the situation was very serious. The animals sent the earthworm to the hospital for rescue. Rescue requires a lot of blood, but the blood bank inventory is not enough, so we have to call on the animals to donate blood. A long squid quickly swam to the beach to donate blood, but the green blood was flowing out of the thief, and it was not used. \"Look at me.\" The transparent prawn got out of the water and bravely extended his arm. As a result, its blood was pale cyan, and it could not be used. Both the sea crab and the hair crab came to donate blood, and the results were pale green blood. A field snail came too, and its blood was like milk, and it was useless. Tian Luo's cousin is a snail, and his blood is light blue. The blood of small animals is really colorful! A long squid quickly swam to the beach to donate blood, but the green blood was flowing out of the thief, and it was not used."}, {"nb": 725, "data": "As soon as the class was over, the students rushed out of the classroom, ran, jumped, and fell into the arms of the snow. The spacious playground became a playground for us to play. The students rolled snowballs and snowballs on the thick snow. The playground is full of our laughter. The playground is full of our laughter."}, {"nb": 726, "data": "The spring bamboo shoot sounded a spring thunder, which awakened the bamboo shoots. They broke through the earth, overturned the stones, and emerged one by one from the ground. The spring bamboo shoots are wrapped in light brown coats, like tender dolls. They face the spring breeze, laugh in the sun and grow in the spring rain. One section, one section, and another section. Up, up, up again. The spring bamboo shoots are wrapped in light brown coats, like tender dolls."}, {"nb": 727, "data": "My father said to me, \"At the moment when the bird lived the most, the moment the bird flew off the branch, it was the easiest to be hit by a hunter.\" I asked strangely, \"Why?\" My father said, \"The bird at dawn, wings Wet and fly heavy. \"I'm so glad that my father is not a hunter. \"I am so happy that my father is not a hunter."}, {"nb": 728, "data": "The little girl who catches the sea \"The soft beach, the golden yellow sand, the little girl who catches the sea bare feet ...\" Before, while listening to this song, I dreamed that I could be the little girl who catches the sea. Today, my wish has finally come true. Now I am standing on the beach. I came to the beach with my bare feet. The sea is not the turquoise blue, but the gray blue. But the waves of waves still excite me. I came to the beach and walked slowly on the edge of the waves. The naughty waves hit my feet, gently, softly, and extremely comfortable. Later, I became bolder and went to a slightly deeper sea. At this time, the spray is no longer a naughty child, but a troublemaker. Every time the waves came, I jumped and jumped, but every time the waves came in close contact with my clothes. Alas, the little girl catching the sea had to become a \"chicken\". Every time the waves came, I jumped and jumped, but every time the waves came in close contact with my clothes."}, {"nb": 729, "data": "The Yangtze River-the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river."}, {"nb": 730, "data": "The little mouse Lele likes to eat sweet fruit candy. Mom asked Lele: \"Do you know what fruit candy is made of?\" Le Le smiled and said, \"Of course, fruit candy is made from fruit!\" Mom said, \"Let's go to the fruit candy factory and have a look They came to the fruit sugar factory and did not see any fruit, Lele felt strange. The monkey factory director told Lele: \"To make fruit candy, you just need to add fruity flavors, and sugar-coated glutinous rice paper is not made of glutinous rice. It is made of corn, wheat, etc.\" They came Fruit sugar factory, did not see any fruit, Lele felt strange."}, {"nb": 731, "data": "The deciduous summer is over. Autumn Mother is busy putting a golden coat on the trees and looking up, the leaves look like a vast sea of \u200b\u200bgold. The autumn wind swept by and the leaves fell down one after another. Some dance like butterflies, some fly like wings of an oriole, and others rotate lightly like dancers ... The ground is covered with fallen leaves, like a thick golden blanket. The autumn wind swept by and the leaves fell down one after another."}, {"nb": 732, "data": "Today, my mother took us to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market! There are chubby bean sprouts, red radish, round winter melon, and tender bamboo shoots. My mother picked up a green, sickle-like vegetable and asked me what it was. I replied: \"Edamame.\" The aunt who sold the vegetables smiled and said, \"This is not Edamame, it's Swordbean.\" Today, Mom brought Let \u2019s go to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market!"}, {"nb": 733, "data": "Watermelon doll I have been thinking: There must be a doll in the watermelon. You see, the uncle who bought the watermelon has to put the melon in his ear and listen to what the baby said. It is raw and cooked, and it will quietly tell you quietly: \u549d---\u549d! Sand---Sand! Watermelon doll I have been thinking: There must be a doll in the watermelon."}, {"nb": 734, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer."}, {"nb": 735, "data": "Once when I was appreciating the coins, I saw three Japanese characters \"Japan\" on Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said, \"In the Tang Dynasty in China, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan did not have a native language. When we saw the beautifulness of Chinese characters, we borrowed a part of them and created our own characters. Until now, there are still thousands of Thousands of Chinese characters are used in Japan. \"At that time, Japan did n\u2019t have any native Chinese characters. When it saw the beauty of Chinese characters, it borrowed a part from Chinese characters and created its own characters. To this day, tens of millions of Chinese characters are used in Japan. ."}, {"nb": 736, "data": "A whisper to the flowers When the snow and ice began to melt, the stream was full of flowers. At this time, I like to carry a small flower basket and come to the stream. Smell this flower, smell that flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, camellia! You say, is your little face frozen in that frosty night? Or do you get up early to meet the sun, and morning glow kisses you, are you shy? Camellia, don't just laugh, tell me your secret! Hi Azalea! Hello, smiley flower! What joy do you have? Why are you so cheerful? Yo, you have already sent out a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so cheerful! Tell me, why do you have so many colors in the flowers of Wanhuaxi? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... you have dressed up a stream of colorful fragrance, and you have laced our village. See, how happy you are when you laugh back and forth. You like a wide variety of colors, and you like a wide variety of flowers. O flowers, tell me, are you sons and daughters of Mother Earth? Just like our little baby, is a mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only earth mothers have so many and such beautiful children! O flowers, tell me, are you sons and daughters of Mother Earth?"}, {"nb": 737, "data": "Xiao Yan is so pretty, with a fat face, with straight braids. One day, a small hole in the little pig 's braid was rotten. She went to the fruit hospital to see a doctor. There are many patients in the hospital. There are apples, oranges, peaches, and watermelons. The woodpecker doctor said to the baby: \"You are not a fruit, you are a vegetable, you should go to the vegetable hospital to see a doctor.\" The baby said goodbye to the woodpecker doctor and the fruits and went to the vegetable hospital. \"You are not a fruit, you are a vegetable and you should go to a vegetable hospital to see a doctor."}, {"nb": 738, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blow away a bunch of soap bubbles. They are carrying red orange yellow green blue blue purple and they fly away. I am very sad, walking and looking for them. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me, \"Do you look like I'm blowing bubbles like you? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said, \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me be friends with you! \"... I ran home cheerfully and told my mother that I had many, many friends. A clear dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you look at me like the bubbles you blow?"}, {"nb": 739, "data": "Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. The peacock first ran to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you! I look the best, open my tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the myna came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you Let's be together! My mouth is the most clever. Whatever you say, I will say what you want to hear. \"At this moment, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen, \"What's your skill?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither beautiful nor my mouth good. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"A down-to-earth egg is more precious than playing with a hundred beautiful feathers and saying a thousand good words. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to live here.\" The peacock and myna listened to the farmer's words , Sorry to go. Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious."}, {"nb": 740, "data": "The brave little rooster The little rooster comes to the grass with his mother every day. When he meets other little animals and bullies other chicks, he always rushes up bravely. One day a ferocious eagle flew over the grass. The mother chicken told the chicks to hide in the grass. The little cock wanted to rush up and drive away the eagle, and the mother chicken grabbed him. The little cock said to his mother with dissatisfaction: \"I've grown up, I can drive the eagle away.\" The mother chicken said to him, \"A person's ability is limited, and being brave is not enough. Dealing with the eagle, hard If you can't fight, it's also a good way to avoid him. \"Against the eagle, if you can't fight hard, it's also a good way to avoid him."}, {"nb": 741, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered For the first time I saw snow, I jumped and jumped happily. The snowflakes fluttered. I took off my gloves. A snowflake fell on my hand. Before I could appreciate it, it disappeared in a hurry. Mom told me that snowflakes are winter flowers. But I thought that a snowflake was an elf ... The snowflakes fluttered, and I stretched out my hands and started to make a snowman different from others. It has white eyes and a white nose, and hides a white scarf. Other children told me that the snowman 's nose should be red and the snowman' s eyes should be black. But I think that the snowman should be white ... Other children told me that the snowman's nose should be red and the snowman's eyes should be black."}, {"nb": 742, "data": "Cleft-lip fish The cleft-lip fish is small in size and light in action. It treats fish not by using medicine, but by using its pointed mouth to remove bacteria and necrotic muscles for sick fish. In fact, fish doctors use parasites and necrotic tissues on diseased fish to make delicious meals. In this way, fish doctors can get a \"reward\"----a full meal, and the sick fish can be relieved from the disease immediately. Income. This phenomenon is called \"symbiosis\" in biology. What is more interesting is that the relationship between the sick fish and the fish doctor is quite harmonious. When you come to the hospital for treatment, the sick fish must be head down, tail up, and suspended in the water straight. Fish doctors in fish are indispensable. As long as there is a fish doctor, diseased fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death from illness will be greatly reduced. Fish doctors in fish are indispensable. As long as there is a fish doctor, diseased fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death from illness will be greatly reduced."}, {"nb": 743, "data": "Tree Planting March 12 On the Arbor Day, the sun was shining and the spring breeze blew across the face. As soon as the students came to the suburbs under the leadership of the teacher, they began to plant trees in division of labor. Some of the students in the distance were digging pits with shovel, some were supporting the saplings, some were filling the soil, and some were watering. They were doing very hot. Nearby Xiaoming and Xiaohong were grouped together. At first Xiaoming was in charge of digging. After digging, I can't move. If you dig harder, you still can't dig. Ah! It turned out to be a large stone. He carried the stone out vigorously and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug. Xiao Hong gently inserted the small tree sapling in the tree pit and held it carefully, Xiao Ming slowly filled the soil in. It 's time to water after filling the soil. The two of them brought a bucket full of water and poured it on the roots of the tree to allow the young saplings to drink enough. Xiaoming and Xiaohong seem to be saying, \"Little tree seedling, you are about to grow up, grow into a towering tree early, and make a beam for high-rise buildings.\" Little tree seedling also seems to be saying, \"You are really good children who love labor.\" It turned out to be A large rock, he carried the rock out and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug."}, {"nb": 744, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor."}, {"nb": 745, "data": "Four wishes Mi Jia and her companions finished the snow battle and went skating on the lake again. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is fun, and I wish it would always be winter!\" My father said, \"Write down your wishes!\" Mi Jia wrote down her first wish. Here comes spring, Mi Jia is chasing colorful butterflies on the green grass. She cheerfully said to her father, \"Spring is so beautiful, I hope it will always be spring!\" The father took out a small book and let Mi Jia write down a second wish. It is summer . Mi Jia and his father went to the suburbs, catching small fish, picking mushrooms, and turning their heads in the shade, they had a great time. She said to her father with satisfaction: \"Summer is great, I wish that summer would never pass!\" Mi Jia wrote this wish in a small book again. In autumn, there were many fruits in the orchard. Mi Jia helped his father to pick off the red apples, and helped grandma to carry a basket of grapes home. She excitedly said to her father, \"Autumn is better than any season!\" My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same. \"My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same thing."}, {"nb": 746, "data": "Several people who eat watermelon in Avanti want to tease Avanti, ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and them were laughing while eating watermelon. Those people secretly threw Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon peels behind Afanti, and said, \"Oh, so many melons, how many watermelons did Afanti eat! He must be so bad!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said without hesitation: \"It seems that I'm not as shy as you. Why don't you even eat the melon?\" After eating watermelon, one person pointed at the bunch of melon behind Avanti Peel, said, \"Oh, so many melons, how many watermelons did Avanti eat!"}, {"nb": 747, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. \"The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed as a white horse, and other friends came out of the bush."}, {"nb": 748, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. \"Ah, hare, how are you? I'm your good classmate, fox."}, {"nb": 749, "data": "Mom is a mountain, tall and stable. The mountains are beautiful and gentle. Mother is a mountain. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree. My mother loves me so much, she loves me so much. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares for the tree. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush."}, {"nb": 750, "data": "The taste of the moon What is the taste of the moon? Is it sweet or salty? I really want to taste a small bite! At night, the animals looked at the moon and always thought so. However, no matter how much the neck, the hands, the legs are stretched, the moon cannot be reached. One day a little turtle was determined to touch the moon. Climbing to the top of the mountain, the moon was near. However, little turtles are still out of reach. The turtle called the elephant, \"Elephant, come on my back, maybe we can get it!\" Moon thought, \"Is this a game with me!\" The elephant's nose stretched up, and the moon was light Jump up to the ground. The elephant was out of reach. It called the giraffe. Then the giraffe called the zebra, the zebra called the lion, the lion called the fox, the fox called the monkey, and the monkey called the mouse. The moon looked at the mouse and thought, \"Such a little bit, I can't catch me.\" The moon was tired of playing, and it didn't move this time. Unexpectedly, \"click!\" The mouse bit a piece of moon. It gave the animals a bite of the moon, and everyone felt that this was the most delicious thing they had ever eaten. A small fish looked at all this, and couldn't understand why: \"Why do they have to work so hard to go to the high sky to pick the moon? Isn't there another one? Well, it's in the water, beside me.\" The elephant's nose stretched up, and the moon jumped up slightly."}, {"nb": 751, "data": "Xiaoming, a naughty child, is a very naughty boy. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you want to receive?\" The mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and said, smiling: \"Mom don't have any gifts, just hope that there is a good child who is sensible and clean!\" Xiao Ming looked at himself, his cuffs and placket were covered with mud. Xiaoming suddenly understood her mother's meaning, lowered her head and blushed and said, \"Mom, I won't play mud anymore. I want to be a good-looking boy!\" After that, Xiaoming will be covered with mud. After changing it, I put on clean clothes and ran out happily. Mom watched Xiao Ming ran out and smiled reassuringly. \"My mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and smiled, and said,\" Mom doesn't need any gifts. I just want a good child who is sensible and clean! \""}, {"nb": 752, "data": "Selling a wok Mr. Xiong is carrying a big wok. From a distance, it looks like he is carrying a turtle shell. Mr. Xiong came to the village and called for a sale: \"Sell iron pots, sell iron pots!\" Grandma Hippo saw it, and was very happy: \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just have a few big iron pots!\" The iron wok was sold to Grandma Hippo, and called again, \"Sell iron wok, sell iron wok!\" It turned out that there was a medium-sized iron wok behind Mr. Xiong. Aunt Grey Rabbit ran and happily cried, \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just miss one such wok!\" Mrs Grey Rabbit bought the medium-sized wok, and Mr. Xiong cried again: \"Selling iron Pots sell iron pots! \"It turned out that Mr. Xiong still had a very small iron pot behind his back. Sister Beatles saw it and shouted happily, \"Sell it to me, sell me, I just happen to have such a small wok!\" Mr. Xiong sold the last little wok and went home happily. . In the village, grandma hippopotamus, aunt grey rabbit and sister beetle all use the newly bought iron wok to cook. Thick smoke came from the chimney of Grandma Hippo's big house; medium smoke from the chimney of Aunt Grey Rabbit's medium house; thin smoke came from the chimney of Little Beetle's house. A rosy glow in Yuantian reflects this peaceful animal village. It is so beautiful! \"Mrs. Grey Rabbit bought the medium-sized iron wok, and Mr. Xiong cried again,\" Sell the iron pot! Sell the iron pot! \""}, {"nb": 753, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, tomatoes ca n\u2019t eat the leaves, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so glad I learned so much today!\" Mother Bear said, \"Don't eat leaves To eat its roots, you remember that the roots of radishes are the best."}, {"nb": 754, "data": "It's snowing It's snowing, it's snowing! Snowflakes fell from the sky. The snow is getting bigger and bigger, like goose feathers, like cotton wool, like white butterflies. It looks great. The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole earth was white. Children make snowmen and fight snowballs in the snow. They are so happy! The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole earth was white."}, {"nb": 755, "data": "The look of the small tropical fish is pretty. It is triangular in shape, golden in color, and has black streaks. The tail is black and a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head, a sharp mouth, and small bubbles in the mouth. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth! There are a pair of small beards on the head. Small round eyes, a sharp mouth, and small bubbles in the mouth. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 756, "data": "Four wishes Mi Jia and her companions finished the snow battle and went skating on the lake again. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is fun, and I wish it would always be winter!\" My father said, \"Write down your wishes!\" Mi Jia wrote down her first wish. Here comes spring, Mi Jia is chasing colorful butterflies on the green grass. She cheerfully said to her father, \"Spring is so beautiful, I hope it will always be spring!\" The father took out a small book and let Mi Jia write down a second wish. It is summer . Mi Jia and his father went to the suburbs, catching small fish, picking mushrooms, and turning their heads in the shade, they had a great time. She said to her father with satisfaction: \"Summer is great, I wish that summer would never pass!\" Mi Jia wrote this wish in a small book again. In autumn, there were many fruits in the orchard. Mi Jia helped his father to pick off the red apples, and helped grandma to carry a basket of grapes home. She excitedly said to her father, \"Autumn is better than any season!\" My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same. \"My father said,\" Write down your wishes!"}, {"nb": 757, "data": "Interesting dinosaurs 65 million years ago, there were many reptiles on the earth, including dinosaurs. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong. Some dinosaurs are very large, larger than a dozen elephants together; some are very small, about the same as a chicken. Some dinosaurs fly, we call them pterosaurs; some dinosaurs live in water, we call ichthyosaurs; some dinosaurs are like cows, horses, eat only leaves and grasses, that is herbivorous dinosaurs; Some dinosaurs, like tigers and lions, specialize in preying on other animals. We call them carnivorous dinosaurs. There are hundreds of types of dinosaurs, and they look strange. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong."}, {"nb": 758, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. Hands work, and the brain thinks. With your hands and without your brain, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain or your hands. With hands and brains can creativity be created. All creation depends on labor, and labor uses hands and brain. Hands work, and the brain thinks."}, {"nb": 759, "data": "In a windy and sunny day, the two children chased a broken kite flying farther and farther in the clear sky ... \"If only you two little angels with wings!\" Let's go to the flying eagle! You must be able to catch the kite! \"... A few passers-by, seeing this scene, laughed at the two breathless children with laughter. \"Yes, why can't people grow a pair of wings to fly in the air like birds?\" A fantasy of \"flying\" towards the sky germinated in these two young hearts. Since then, they have begun to observe the changes in the wings of birds as they fly and glide, and they have carefully crafted various toys that can \"fly\". When they grew up, they continued to study the principle of flying. Scientific illusions have finally become reality through the hard work of people. In 1903, the world's first aircraft was born. Twenty years ago, the inventor of this propeller plane was struggling to chase the two American children-the Wright brothers-who were flying in the air with a broken kite. You must be able to catch the kite!"}, {"nb": 760, "data": "Beautiful campus I have a beautiful campus. Standing in the middle of the campus and looking out to the east, there is a large playground. We often raise the national flag, take physical education classes, do class activities, etc. on the large playground. To the south is a red building. We call it the \"Arts Building\". It contains not only art classrooms, music classrooms, but also a large library and reading room. The gate to the west of the campus is where we go in and out of school every day. There is a beautiful fountain in front of the school gate. The water spray from the fountain is so clear and clear that every time we pass by it, we can't help but stop. To the north of the campus is our teaching building. The teachers are spacious and bright, clean and tidy, and we study hard in them every day. After class, we went chasing and playing on the big playground in the east. On the path of the campus, there are trees and flowers, and I like our beautiful campus so much. Beautiful campus I have a beautiful campus."}, {"nb": 761, "data": "Caihong rain passed and it was fine. A rainbow of seven colors was set up between rainy days. The frog said: \"The rainbow is a colorful bridge. Standing on it, you can see the most beautiful scenery.\" Haiyan said: \"The rainbow is a big hairpin. She wears it on the head of the sea mother, and she looks even more beautiful.\" Butterfly said: \" The rainbow is a large garland, flying around it, with great joy in my heart. \"A rainbow of seven colors was set up between the rainy days."}, {"nb": 762, "data": "Grandfather Dongdong rode on a donkey and lifted a cold whip all the way from the distant Siberian plains and came to us. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a flower-covered ice cream in the refrigerator. The sycamore turns into a gray coral, and the sparrow is a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window turned into a beautiful screen. Frost was only a butterfly sleeping on the screen. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a flower-covered ice cream in the refrigerator."}, {"nb": 763, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice-catching expert rice paddy, which read: \"The insect-catching expert: frogs, toads.\" The frog was angry at first glance: \"Toad, isn't it the toad that children hate? What kind of insect-catching expert?\" The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you've been by the field all day. Who do you say will catch bugs? Why is the toad on the glory list also a bug catcher? I work hard every day to catch bugs. I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile:\" You catch worms during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the haystack. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's night shift!\" Toad started catching worms, catching one after another. When the frog looked at it, it became clear that it had mistaken Toad by itself, and the frog lowered its head in embarrassment. Uncle Niu said with a smile: \"You catch worms during the day, who will take over at night, you know?\""}, {"nb": 764, "data": "Tail Races In the forest, animals have to hold tail races. There are a lot of animals signing up for the competition! On the day of the match, the forest was lively! The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped into the pine tree and performed his own show-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped down from the tree, falling just behind the old monkey. There are oxen, swallows, capuchin monkeys ... the end of the game, but the old monkey scratched his head and said, \"It's all useful tails. Who should be the champion?\" less!"}, {"nb": 765, "data": "Why is the monkey 's ass red? Children who understand the monkey know that it has a red ass. Some people say that its butt is hairless, and it likes to sit, so its ass is red. This statement is incorrect. Monkeys, like humans, have blood vessels in their bodies. And there are many blood vessels on its ass, and the color of blood is exposed, so the monkey's ass is red. Why is the monkey 's ass red? Children who understand the monkey know that it has a red ass."}, {"nb": 766, "data": "The quilt is a large envelope. At night, I put it in this envelope. Mom's kiss is a stamp affixed to the envelope. Send me to a sweet dream ... Mom's kiss is a stamp affixed to the envelope. Send me to a sweet dream ..."}, {"nb": 767, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and drew pictures. I first drew a forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forests are green and the trees are very dense. I painted a clear blue sky above the forest. There are still white clouds floating in the sky. Then I drew a few birds in the forest, yellow feathers, and pointed mouths, which were very interesting. In the end, I gave the picture a name: \"Bird's Home\". I painted a clear blue sky above the forest."}, {"nb": 768, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, the tomato leaves cannot be eaten, you must eat its fruit.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I am so happy that I have learned so much today!\" Bear will eat the leaves of radish."}, {"nb": 769, "data": "Rainy night tick! Tick \u200b\u200b\u2014\u2014 light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang \u2014\u2014 bang bang \u2014\u2014! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang \u2014\u2014! Someone is knocking at the door. \"Ruby, are you home?\" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. \"Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!\" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. \"Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!\" Totti said cheerfully. \"But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain.\" Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. \"Oh! No no no, look-\" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, \"We can listen to the rain and sing together!\" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the little room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain, and happily sang: \"Let's listen to the rain, tick, and the tick is so nice ...\" \"But Totti, it's raining so much, the moon is not Ken is out."}, {"nb": 770, "data": "Girl and mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a flower skirt and pigtails, facing the big mirror and asking, \"What am I like?\" On the willow outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Alas, his face looks like a flower! \"Xiaohua laughed. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow stepped in and said, \"Well, his face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard and cried. When I saw her, she smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, don't like to listen to the good news of magpies, and don't be afraid to listen to the bad news of the crow. , Smiled and said, \"Stupid child, don't like to listen to the good news of magpies, don't be afraid to listen to the bad news of the crow."}, {"nb": 771, "data": "The leaves grow on the tree, and the branches use it as a fan. When it fell to the ground, the worm used it as a quilt. Drifting in the river, the fish took it as a parasol. Fly to the sky, the bird uses it as a kite ... The leaves say, \"Everyone likes me, I'm so happy.\" The leaves say, \"Everyone likes me, I'm really happy.\""}, {"nb": 772, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do?"}, {"nb": 773, "data": "Dog and its shadow A dog crosses a small river over a wooden bridge with a piece of meat in its mouth. When he saw the river reflecting its reflection, he thought that another dog was holding a piece of meat, and he threw it away, and rushed to grab the dog's flesh. In fact, that piece of meat did not exist at all, but its own meat made the river run away. It turned out to be nothing. When he saw the river reflecting its reflection, he thought that another dog was holding a piece of meat, and he threw it away, and rushed to grab the dog's flesh."}, {"nb": 774, "data": "The little mouse Lele likes to eat sweet fruit candy. Mom asked Lele: \"Do you know what fruit candy is made of?\" Le Le smiled and said, \"Of course, fruit candy is made from fruit!\" Mom said, \"Let's go to the fruit candy factory and have a look They came to the fruit sugar factory and did not see any fruit, Lele felt strange. The monkey director told Lele: \"To make fruit candy, you just need to add fruity flavor, and the sugar-coated sticky rice paper is not made of sticky rice. It is made of corn, wheat, etc.\" It said, \"Of course, fruit candy is made from fruit!"}, {"nb": 775, "data": "In the early winter morning of the mist girl, the mist girl came flying with a white veil. She came to a beautiful garden and covered the flowers with layers of white veil. The flowers said, \"Thank you, Mist Girl, we are thirsty, and you sent us nectar.\" Mist Girl came to the winding road again, and she thought, \"Let me dress up the road.\" She covered the white gauze one by one on the highway. He thought the highway was more beautiful. But the highway said, \"Mist girl, don't do this, the sister of the car will have an opinion.\" Sure enough came the voice of the sister of the car: \"Mist girl, your kindness will make me invisible to the road, you still go back!\" Mist The girl was upset, crying hummingly, and her tears fell to the ground. At this time, the father-in-law came out. He stretched out two warm big hands and wiped away the tears for the misty girl, comforting her and said, \"Child, you should rest!\" The misty girl was holding the white veil and drifted away with a smile. \"The mist girl came to the winding road again, she thought: Let me dress up the road."}, {"nb": 776, "data": "Do fish sleep? People and animals have the habit of sleeping, and fish is no exception. The fish does not have a fixed place to sleep, and it does not need to lie down and lie on its back. As long as the water is not rushing, the environment can be quieter. When the fish sleeps, its body is motionless, and its gills breathe slowly and gently. The eyes are always open, because the fish has no eyes or faces. Different fish sleep differently. Pufferfish, loach and other loves sleep at night; flounder and tiger sharks love to sleep during the day; tuna and swordfish, etc. do not have a fixed time, and often sleep while swimming! Do fish sleep? People and animals have the habit of sleeping, and fish is no exception."}, {"nb": 777, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the nest of butterflies is petals. Singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful large dormitories, clear rivers, swim in fish and shrimp, and the green big field is the home of the dragonfly. The poor wind has no home. It runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is homeless, and when the sky is overcast, tears rush out. We are the happiest! As soon as we are born, our parents are ready for home. Let us grow up safely at home. The poor wind has no home. It runs around and can't find a place to rest."}, {"nb": 778, "data": "Some time ago, my father bought me a golden bear. The golden bear has beautiful ears, a round nose, and thick fluff. It looks very cute. My brother and I often feed it, sometimes it feeds cabbage, sometimes it feeds rapeseed, and sometimes it feeds peanuts. It tastes delicious. One day, the golden bear bit the big cardboard box it lived in and escaped. We are in a hurry, looking for it everywhere. It was really interesting to catch it under the kitchen cabinet. Some time ago, my father bought me a golden bear."}, {"nb": 779, "data": "We have a lot of useful little animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let 's go and see the dragonfly first! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its body is thin and long, so slim. Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! You see, a little swallow is busy catching flying insects in the sky! The swallow wore a black tuxedo. The tail is like a small pair of scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it is flying low. Hey, hey, who is here? Oh, it's a little frog. It had a pair of big eyes and was wearing turquoise clothes and exposed white and white belly. It was lovely. It can eat thousands of pests a year. It is a good helper to protect the crops. There are many, many useful little animals around us! We must take good care of those lovely little lives! The weather will change when it is flying low."}, {"nb": 780, "data": "The car-watcher in the wind and rain. In the wind and rain, the three old people were crowded in an umbrella and their faces were pale. Even though they were sitting under the eaves, the rain kept on hitting their faces and bodies. At this point their clothes were soaked. But they didn't care about themselves. Three pairs of eyes were staring at the square in front. There were two bicycles parked, covered with their only raincoat. The owner of the car has not yet come to fetch it. \"Maybe they are trapped by the rain?\" They said, but no one wants to go first. The cold wind blew from time to time, and the raindrops hit again and again. However, none of them got up, and three eyes were still staring at the two bicycles not far away. Are they just paying for the few cents of parking? The cold wind blew from time to time, and the raindrops hit again and again. However, none of them got up, and three eyes were still staring at the two bicycles not far away."}, {"nb": 781, "data": "In the morning of the sun in the fog, as soon as I got up, I hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog was so thick, the thick fog of the sky made the earth hazy and dim. It took a while before the eastern sun rose slowly. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, and it didn't shine at all. The fog slowly rises in the sun, rises, and gradually dissipates. The sun slowly rises and rises, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the grass leaves glitters like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays, so that the white clouds floating in mid-air become golden and bright in time. After a while, it was dyed rosy again. To the east, half of the sky is red. The scenery is very beautiful. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, and it didn't shine at all."}, {"nb": 782, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!"}, {"nb": 783, "data": "My little hand I have a cute and capable little hand. Today, I quickly picked up the rag and \u201cbrushed, brushed, brushed\u201d the table. Then, I washed the dishes, wiped the bowls and plates carefully, and then rinsed them again. Clean. Finally, it \u2019s time for me to sweep the floor. I swept and swept, and my mother saw me moving cleanly and laughed, and said, \"You really missed the word by eight-good guys!\" I was praised by my mother. A playful little frog bouncing in his heart. \"I got the compliment from my mother, and I was so full of joy, as if there was a naughty little frog bouncing in my heart."}, {"nb": 784, "data": "The fireworks \"bang, bang, bang\", with a roar, a bunch of fireworks flew up into the night sky, I quickly looked up, ah, how beautiful! The \"Red Lianxing\" bloomed in the night sky, reflecting a fiery red sky. With the sound of \"cracking\", countless strings of small sparks flying on the parachute filled the sky, fluttering slowly, just like hanging festive lights on the sky. \"Booming\" was another loud bang, and another bunch of fireworks rose up. They shuttled in the lantern group and formed a beautiful pattern. \"Booming\" was another loud bang, and another bunch of fireworks rose up. They shuttled in the lantern group and formed a beautiful pattern."}, {"nb": 785, "data": "The beautiful bear polluted the bear and planted a lot of flowers. The yard smelled fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot, but the bear said, \"My flowers are not for sale, I just give them away. Come to pick flowers on June 5!\" On the 5th, the bear carried a pot of potted flowers onto a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and give you a pot of flowers\" was inserted on it. The puppies understand that today is World Environment Day, and the bears are protecting the environment, and I want to participate. Jingle bells, tricycles crossing alleys, crossing the street, the puppy ran and shouted: \"beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" When the kittens and rabbits heard it, they went out, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Monkey Grandma arrived with a basket of used batteries, the flowers had already been delivered. Monkey Grandma smiled and said, \"It doesn't matter. To care for the environment is to care for our lives.\" He ran and shouted: \"A beautiful change of pollution, a fresh flower for a waste battery!"}, {"nb": 786, "data": "During the break, Huizhen and I like to go to the playground to watch the classmates play rope skipping. Once, when Mr. Wang, who was on duty on the playground, saw it, he taught us the basic skills of skipping ropes, such as how to take off and how to shake the ropes ... Huizhen is very athletic and can learn as soon as he learns. And I tried many times without success and often tripped over the rope with a clumsy hand. Huizhen said to me, \"It's okay, let's practice next time we take a break! I can practice with you, and I can definitely learn.\" In the rest of the rest, I worked hard with Huizhen on the playground. With the help of Huizhen, I gradually mastered some methods, and finally I can jump rope briskly. Both Huizhen and I laughed happily. Huizhen said to me, \"It doesn't matter, next time we take a break, let 's practice again!"}, {"nb": 787, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. \"My sister picked up the paper that Ding Yixiao had lost, picked up the pen that Ding Yixiao had lost, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. Her body was motionless, and she wrote carefully and pen by pen."}, {"nb": 788, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together."}, {"nb": 789, "data": "Oranges Today, Dad bought a basket of oranges from the fruit store. I took one and took a closer look. Oranges are oblate and the size of my fist. The skin is orange. It has a skin, but it looks like a small lantern from a distance. Peeling the orange peel, a peculiar fragrance of oranges comes out. The orange skin is white, like the orange gauze covered with orange petals. The orange petals are crescent-shaped, like a crooked moon, and many orange petals sit together around several good brothers. Put a flap into your mouth, the juice overflows, nourishes the throat, flows into the belly, and sweetens the heart, making people eat more and more. Peeling the orange peel, a peculiar fragrance of oranges comes out."}, {"nb": 790, "data": "I can draw. I can draw big cocks. In my paintings, big cocks. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flew up and down. I can draw fishes, and in my paintings the fishes swim with their tails. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flew up and down."}, {"nb": 791, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sun shines on the earth. what ! The scenery of spring is indeed beautiful! The trees were green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground, and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet.\" The little bird sang freely on the tree, the wild geese flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy collecting honey in the flowers. Flowers bloom in the garden, fighting for beauty, red as fire, white as snow, and pink as Xia. What a flowery world. How beautiful spring is! The scenery of spring is indeed beautiful!"}, {"nb": 792, "data": "When Bao Ying read the Jin Dynasty, Che Yan was tired of learning, but his family was poor, and his father was unable to provide him with good learning conditions. Without the money to buy an oil lamp, he could only use his evening time to recite poetry. One night, he was reading an article in the yard, and suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude. He had an idea, so he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket made of white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book. The story of \"Capsule Fireflies\" was passed down to future generations. One night, he was reading an article in the yard, and suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude."}, {"nb": 793, "data": "Wind child Wind child running around looking for work. Running and running, he saw a sailing boat on the water surface, and the wind child strove to the sail. Blow and blow, the child pushes the boat and walks fast. The people on the boat praised him: \"It's really windy!\" Run and run, he saw a shelf like a small tower with several large blades on it. The wind child strove to the blade. Blow and blow, the wind pushes the blades so fast. People under the small tower praised him: \"It's really good wind, our wind generator has generated electricity.\" Yes, the children who didn't find a job ran around, blowing dust and smashing your eyes. But what a cute child with a job to do! Can you find a job for the wind child? People under the small tower praised him: \"It's really windy, our wind turbines are generating electricity."}, {"nb": 794, "data": "Draw a picture of the puppy running in the snow, leaving the puppy's footprints on the snow. The puppy said to the chick, \"Look, look, I will draw plum blossoms.\" The chicken ran in the snow, leaving the footprints of the chicken on the snow. The chick said to the puppy, \"You see, you see, I can draw bamboo leaves.\" The chicken ran in the snow, leaving his footprints on the snow."}, {"nb": 795, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hills, and the hills hold beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field offers tender green grass; touch the river, the river song that Xiao He starts to listen to ... the magical hand of spring wind, I also helped the children to take off the thick large cotton jackets, and let them laugh and run on the spring ground ... the spring came, the gentle spring breeze touched the hills, and the hills held beautiful flowers;"}, {"nb": 796, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny."}, {"nb": 797, "data": "Cleaning the table Sunday, after lunch with our family, I said to my dad, \"I'll clean the table today.\" My dad said, \"Okay, but don't think it's a simple thing. There are some more to do well. Tips. \"I said,\" Be assured, I will do a good job. \"So I packed the bowl and chopsticks in the sink, then picked up a rag to clean the table. I used a lot of effort to wipe it, but I wiped it several times without cleaning it. Instead, I stuck the vegetable crumbs on the table and some rice grains to the table. Dad saw it and said with a smile: \"Xiao Fan, you haven't rubbed in the right way. You should rub in one direction. You can't make a circle.\" Dad said as he demonstrated. I wiped it again according to the method my father said ... After a while, the dirty table was wiped clean by me, and it was as bright as a mirror. I ca n\u2019t think of cleaning the table and learning. It seems that I should do more housework! I used a lot of effort to wipe it, but I wiped it several times without cleaning it. Instead, I stuck the vegetable crumbs on the table and some rice grains to the table."}, {"nb": 798, "data": "In the park, a magnolia flower is quietly opening. The lark fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white Magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly, \"No, the sun father gave me color, the rain gave me fragrance, dear soil My mother gave me sufficient nutrition so that I could smile and be open. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, the raindrops and the soil. \"Magnolia said embarrassedly,\" No, the father-in-law gave me color, and raindrops gave me I am fragrant, my dear soil mom has given me sufficient nutrition so that I can smile and open."}, {"nb": 799, "data": "It is strange that Mr. Fox sent his son to school. The owl teacher asked the little fox to make a sentence \"really weird\". Outside the classroom window, Mr. Fox and his parents looked around. The little fox said proudly: \"My dad showed sharp teeth when he was eating chicken at home. It was amazing; when my dad was smiling outside, he couldn't see a sharp tooth, it was strange!\" Mr. Fox was so angry that he showed Mouth full of fangs. Then he immediately closed his mouth and showed a moving smile. The surrounding parents couldn't help but marvel: \"It's weird!\" When my father smiled outside, he couldn't see a sharp tooth, it was weird!"}, {"nb": 800, "data": "A family with a square face and a round face lived at the foot of the mountain. There was a husband and a mother-in-law. Her husband is tall and thin, with a square face. The wife was short and very fat, with a round face and a round face. Square Face Husband likes square things. He sits on a square stool; he drinks a square cup; even if he walks, he takes four steps. Round-faced granny likes round things. She eats a round table; combs her hair and looks in a round mirror; she sleeps without a pillow and a big pumpkin. One day, the old couple quarreled and wanted to split up. The husband said, \"The square things are mine!\" The old woman said, \"The round things are mine!\" OK, let's settle, let's divide. The husband stood in a small courtyard and said, \"The house is square, it belongs to me.\" The old woman said, \"The courtyard is round. I have to demolish the roof ...\" The husband pointed to the table and chairs and said, \"The square stool The square is mys. \"The old lady said,\" The nails are round, and I have to take them down ... \"The old couple split up all morning, and the more they became unclear. Look at it: the quilt is square, and the flowers embroidered on the quilt are round! The kitchen knife is square, and the handle is round! The gown is square, and the sleeves are round! ... The couple looked at each other again and found out: The face of her husband is square, and her eyes are round! The granny's face is round, and the two front teeth are square! \"Haha!\" Her husband smiled. \"Flop!\" My wife was happy. Both her husband and her mother-in-law said, \"It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter!\" Now, the husband and his wife still live together, and they are happier when they pass. Round-faced granny likes round things."}, {"nb": 801, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew into the sky with his plane. \"Oh, it flies!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene and thought about it and said, \"It seems that as long as you use your brain, there is nothing you can't do.\" The elephant broke through the blue sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther."}, {"nb": 802, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. After a few days, the little flower dog went uphill to play again. Suddenly a big tiger emerged from the jungle. The little flower dog desperately escaped, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger stumbled and fell. I fell to the bottom of the cliff, and the little flower dog was so scared that I was gone. I still told my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion for you.\""}, {"nb": 803, "data": "Cleft-lip fish The cleft-lip fish is small in size and light in action. It treats fish not by using medicine, but by using its pointed mouth to remove bacteria and necrotic muscles for sick fish. In fact, fish doctors use parasites and necrotic tissues on diseased fish to make delicious meals. In this way, fish doctors can get a \"reward\"----a full meal, and the sick fish can be relieved from the disease immediately. Income. This phenomenon is called \"symbiosis\" in biology. What is more interesting is that the relationship between the sick fish and the fish doctor is quite harmonious. When you come to the hospital for treatment, the sick fish must be head down, tail up, and suspended in the water straight. Fish doctors in fish are indispensable. As long as there is a fish doctor, diseased fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death from illness will be greatly reduced. In fact, fish doctors use parasites and necrotic tissues on diseased fish to make delicious meals. In this way, fish doctors can get a \"reward\"----a full meal, and the sick fish can be relieved from the disease immediately. Income."}, {"nb": 804, "data": "Jellyfish May Day, my mother took me to the marine aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel novel. Jellyfish is a mollusc that lives in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, they look soft and soft, they seem to break at the touch, and they look like blossoming \"mushrooms\" from a distance. They have blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... They look crystal clear, they look like parachutes floating in the ocean, swimming leisurely in the water, slowly and freely ... Adding a mystery to the ocean world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can make oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\". It is said that jellyfish can make oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\"."}, {"nb": 805, "data": "Words on the beach Little crabs practice writing on the beach by the sea. He wrote and wrote, the words became crooked. Uncle Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his words. The little crab writes again. It was written, and the words became crooked again. Uncle Ocean came again to help him erase the words. The little crab was not discouraged. He was suffocated and started writing again. This time he wrote a little bit slower, but he took care to write it. The lines were lined up one after the other, and the writing was neat and straight. The mother of seagulls flying by the sea said to her little seagulls, \"Look, how beautiful the words of the little crab are!\" \"Mom, what is he writing?\" The little seagulls asked. \"What he wrote was: Good boys are not afraid of hardships,\" said Mother Seagull. This time, Uncle Wave never washed the word away, but left the word on the beach all the time. He wrote and wrote, the words became crooked."}, {"nb": 806, "data": "Moonlight Tonight, I am very comfortable. I have eaten dinner and lay quietly on a chair on the balcony while enjoying the cool moonlight while enjoying the beautiful moonlight. In the soft moonlight, the river that had been running for a day calmed down. The moon was reflected on the river, and when the evening breeze blew, it shimmered like a ribbon of gemstones. The moonlight shrouded the earth in smoke and mist. Yueer is a kind and most emotional girl. Whoever has sorrow, she will look at you with compassion, share your sorrows, and even pull half a cloud of white to cover her crying face. Yue Er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds and hides and hides with the stars, and sometimes tells the stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blink. I like the moonlight like the night sky like water. Yue Er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds and hides and hides with the stars, and sometimes tells the stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blink."}, {"nb": 807, "data": "Hua Luogeng guessed the book The famous mathematician Hua Luogeng read books differently. He got a book, and instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated. He guessed the layout of the book, and then opened the book after careful consideration. If the author's thinking was consistent with his own guess, he would no longer read it. Hua Luogeng's guessing method not only saves time in reading, but also cultivates his own thinking and imagination, so as not to make himself a slave to books. Hua Luogeng guessed the book The famous mathematician Hua Luogeng read books differently."}, {"nb": 808, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox."}, {"nb": 809, "data": "There is a sika deer and a golden monkey living in the forest than they are, and they both feel that they are more capable. Uncle Elephant said, \"I'll test you two. There is a fruit tree on the other side of the river, and the tree is full of fruit. Whoever of you picks the fruit first, even if you are good at it.\" Sika thought: \"I run fast, I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The golden monkey thought,\" I have the best ability to pick fruit from the tree. I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The game began. The sika deer hurried forward, and with a light jump, they crossed the stream. He ran under the fruit tree in a hurry, thinking proudly, \"I'm still good at it.\" But the fruit tree was too high, and he jumped and jumped. At this time, the golden monkey was blocked by the river and couldn't cross the river. It was in a hurry to turn around. Uncle Elephant came over and said, \"If you think of a way, you can pick the fruit.\" They understood at once. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream. The golden monkey soon climbed up the tree and picked the fruits. Together they gave the fruits to the elephant uncle. Uncle Elephant asked: \"Who are you capable of?\" Sika deer and golden monkey. Look at me, look at you, and laugh. There is a sika deer and a golden monkey living in the forest than they are, and they both feel that they are more capable."}, {"nb": 810, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother."}, {"nb": 811, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a cricket when we were young, and it \u2019s called mosquito when we grow up. Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray pointed at them and \"bounced\", and the mosquito flies were all dead. \"The flies took the mosquito's hand and said happily,\" Haha, that's great !!"}, {"nb": 812, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. \"Avanti said, taking out a handkerchief,\" Please throw it over the wall."}, {"nb": 813, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears, and monkeys played together in the woods. They saw the puppies building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we also build a house?\" \"Okay!\" Lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out. The kitten said, \"Not good, not good. I want to build the house by the river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river!\" The bear said, \"I want to live in a cave. Yes, let's dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened, jumped up, and said,\" What's the matter? I think it's better to live in a tree, that's more comfortable! \" Where is it? One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears and monkeys play together in the woods."}, {"nb": 814, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor."}, {"nb": 815, "data": "My family has a little white rabbit and it looks very cute. The fur of the little white rabbit is white and snowy, in the bright sun, it really looks like a pile of glittering snowflakes. A pair of long ears are erected on its head. As long as there is movement, it keeps swinging. What looks the best is his big red eyes, which are like rubies set in white jade. I like the little white rabbit very much and eat it fresh grass every day. I like the little white rabbit very much and eat it fresh grass every day."}, {"nb": 816, "data": "To the west of the courtyard is a flower garden. Flowers bloom all year round. The leading characters are purple rose and various roses. To the north is a large grape stand. In the summer, children are enjoying the coolness and playing chess under the grapevine. Adults read newspapers and rest here. Butterflies fluttered up and down, looking very lively. In autumn, bunches of grapes are hung on the vine rack, giving off intoxicating scent from time to time. To the east of the courtyard are planted several tall poplars, which guard the small courtyard like giants. To the south of the yard is a small green garden. The field is planted with cucumbers, eggplants, and tomatoes, as well as green vegetables. At a glance, all of them are beautiful and attractive. In the summer, children are enjoying the coolness and playing chess under the grapevine. Adults read newspapers and rest here."}, {"nb": 817, "data": "The heating from the phone came very early this winter. The heavy snow had long covered the fields and blocked every trail. Mr. Porcupine hasn't seen the little white rabbit for three days. He misses his good friend very much. He knows that little white rabbits are very afraid of cold. Maybe, at the moment he was hiding in the corner of the room, trembling. Mr. Porcupine said to himself, \"I should give the little white rabbit a little\u2018 heater \u2019.\u201d After a while, the little white rabbit's phone rang. Little White Rabbit picked up the phone. Mr. Porcupine's gentle voice came from the phone. He was reading an article. \"That year, I came to the tropical forest. The hot sun was on my head, people were sweating, and there were green trees and red flowers all around ...\" The little white rabbit listened, and never shivered coldly A telephone tube close to his ears sent him bursts of \"heating\". Little White Rabbit picked up the phone. Mr. Porcupine's gentle voice came from the phone. He was reading an article."}, {"nb": 818, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole."}, {"nb": 819, "data": "In the ancient times, people tried to eat all kinds of herbs and used Xuan medicine to cure diseases. People ate wild melon and fruits, and ate clams. At that time, people did not have common sense of hygiene, and often people died of poisoning and illness, and their life span was very short. Yan Emperor Shennong's \"Xuan medicine cures the disease\", heal the wounds, and prolong the life of the people. He traveled mountains and rivers, traveled to the land of Sanxiang, tasted hundreds of herbs, and learned about the medicinal properties of the herbs. In order to find a good cure and detoxification for the people, he tried almost all plants. Shennong identified Baicao in the course of tasting Baicao and discovered many traditional Chinese medicines that have curative effects, health and health care. Shennong healed the people's illness, so the people called him \"the medicine god.\" Shennong healed the people's illness, so the people called him \"the medicine god.\""}, {"nb": 820, "data": "Naughty colorful light The sun-grandfather has seven naughty light babies. Their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. Colorful light babies drilled in the clouds and dyed the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. Enough they had played in the sky, they slipped secretly to the ground to play, they slipped onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face became golden golden. They came to the orchard again and clothed oranges. They ran on the grass and rolled, and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, and jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful baby has taken a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asks that they are coming in cyan, and they have become a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful baby came to the vegetable garden, the father-in-law of the sun called them home. Tomatoes and eggplants are in a hurry: \"Leave us beautiful colors!\" The colorful baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the colorful baby heard the father-in-law of the sun shouting again, he hurried to the sky, and there was a colorful glow in the place where they ran. They jumped, jumped, and jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue."}, {"nb": 821, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool."}, {"nb": 822, "data": "Dewdrops and pearls By chance, dewdrops and pearls met. Looking at the round pearls, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. The dewdrop is even more proud of it: \"I have succeeded overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It is really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled slightly and said, \"I have gone through the ordeal, but I got real The success you achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the dew slowly changed from big to small just after the sun showed its face, and soon it disappeared. Looking at the round pearls, the dew felt that she was as beautiful as pearls, so she smugly said, \"I and you are sisters."}, {"nb": 823, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. \"The ants were slow, but the elephant arrived at once."}, {"nb": 824, "data": "Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China. As a child, Yan Zhenqing was diligent and eager to learn, and preferred calligraphy. Because his family was poor and could not afford paper and pens, he practiced writing on the wall and on the ground with loess and branches. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy. Yan Zhenqing's teacher told him: \"What is the\" knowledge \"to learn calligraphy is hard work. Remember, people who don't work hard will never achieve anything.\" Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, old Honestly and earnestly work hard in accordance with the teacher's request. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher. Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, and honestly and earnestly worked hard in accordance with the teacher's requirements."}, {"nb": 825, "data": "One day with \"eyes\" and \"clear\", the careless little monkey opened the workbook and found that there were several \"\u00d7\" on the book. It turned out that he wrote \"eyes\" as \"clear\". The little monkey was very sad, but he couldn't distinguish the two words. At this time, the word \"qing\" said to the little monkey: \"Brother monkey, I am sunny on a sunny day, there must be a sun on a sunny day, so I am next to the word\" ri. \" It \u2019s easy to remember, who has two eyes, are n\u2019t the two eyes in my 'eye' like two eyes? \u201dThe little monkey smiled happily after listening to their words. \"Eyes\" chimed in and said, \"Brother Monkey, I have to remember. Everyone has two eyes. Do the two lines in my\" eyes \"look like two eyes?"}, {"nb": 826, "data": "Rainbow and ancient bridge After the rain, a rainbow appeared in the blue sky. That rainbow is pretty. The old bridge after the rain is not like that. It is simple, silent, and roots the ancient roots on the solid ground, allowing people to come and go freely. Rainbow looked at the ancient bridge and squeezed out a laugh from the gap between the teeth: \"Hee hee! You can also call the bridge! Look at my colorful and high-hanging blue sky. Little old man, you deserve to be called a bridge too! \"The ancient bridge was silent, still silent, welcoming people from south to north. The rainbow became more proud. However, even he couldn't figure out what was going on. Suddenly, he found that he had gradually disappeared. But the ancient bridge still stood solidly. Rainbow looked at the ancient bridge and squeezed out a laugh from the gap between his teeth: \"Hee hee!"}, {"nb": 827, "data": "Guozigou In spring, there are flowers everywhere in Xinjiang. In addition to the colorful wild flowers on the hillside, there are apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Clusters, clusters, patches, red and bright, blue and white, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there were fewer flowers and more fruits. The red, green, yellow, one by one, strings, clusters, like mountains and stars, can not be seen at a glance. The fruit groove is really a good place with lots of flowers and fruits. Guozigou In spring, there are flowers everywhere in Xinjiang."}, {"nb": 828, "data": "Wedding invitations, children's couplets, whenever the New Year, your family must paste the Spring Couplets, right? Do you know about Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring couplet\" is also called \"coupling\", \"pair\", and \"gate pair\". It is a unique literary form of our country that depicts the background of the times with neat, concise, and exquisite text. Every Spring Festival, no matter in the city or in the countryside, every household must choose a pair of red couplets to stick on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of the Spring Festival on the Spring Festival began in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of spring couplets. Depending on the place where they are used, they can be divided into door cores, frame pairs, horizontal piers, spring strips, buckets, etc. \"Door core\" is affixed to the center of the door panel; \"Frame pair\" is affixed to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal drape\" is affixed to the crossbar of the lintel; \"Spring bar\" is affixed to the corresponding place according to different contents; \" The \"bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", it is a square rhombus, and it is mostly stuck in furniture and shadow walls. The folk custom of the Spring Festival on the Spring Festival began in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty."}, {"nb": 829, "data": "The frog calls the stars. The frog calls the stars. \"Hey! Hey little star, what is there in the sky?\" The star told the frog, \"The sky is beautiful, the golden sun, the red sunset. In the cradle of the wind mother, hiding Baiyun doll. The glittering moon palace is my home. Hey! Hey! \u2500 Little frog, come and play in the sky. \"The frog heard the stars and shook his head to answer:\" No need, no use, in the water It \u2019s the same as the sky! \u201dThe star told the frog,\u201c The sky is beautiful, the golden sun, the red sunset."}, {"nb": 830, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guards, there are many birds. In order to defend the trees, they must form a forest guard. The magpie is the captain. The first owl flew in to sign up and said, \"I can catch those abominable voles at night to protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I heal the trees, I can protect the trees, but Make the tree grow more lush. \u201dHuang Yan hurriedly flew and said,\u201c I have the most confidence in myself, and to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \u201dMagpie said,\u201c Three of you have your own. Skills and strengths, now I announce that all three of you are members of the Forest Guard. \"Since then, there has been an excellent Forest Guard in the forest, protecting the trees day and night. \"Since then, there is an excellent forest guard in the forest, protecting the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 831, "data": "The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying. When the little deer saw it, he rushed over and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?\" Little white rabbit said, \"I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home.\" Little deer Comforting the little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live? May I take you home?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, thank you.\" The little deer wiped tears for the little white rabbit, and said, \"Hurry Don't cry, see your eyes are crying red. \"Said the little deer carrying her little white rabbit and sent her home. The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying."}, {"nb": 832, "data": "Where are the ears? Mother frog Let the little frog take a look in nature. Where are the ears of the animals? The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog held a locust brightly, and the frog fat caught a small tadpole, but they could not find the ears of the small animal. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts, and tadpoles on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" The little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little tadpoles were free. They couldn't help but laughed in unison: \"How do you know we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the small mosquito. \"My ears are on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly and said. \"My ears are here!\" Said Xiao Yan, raising the two lower legs in front. Where are the ears? Mother frog Let the little frog take a look in nature. Where are the ears of the animals?"}, {"nb": 833, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home."}, {"nb": 834, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa."}, {"nb": 835, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice-catching expert rice paddy, which read: \"The insect-catching expert: frogs, toads.\" The frog was angry at first glance: \"Toad, isn't it the toad that children hate? What kind of insect-catching expert?\" The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you've been by the field all day. Who do you say will catch bugs? Why is the toad on the glory list also a bug catcher? I work hard every day to catch bugs. I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile:\" You catch worms during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the haystack. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's night shift!\" Toad started catching worms, catching one after another. When the frog looked at it, it became clear that it had mistaken Toad by itself, and the frog lowered its head in embarrassment. \"In the evening, the frog found Uncle Niu and said,\" Uncle Niu, you are at the edge of the field all day. Who do you say will catch bugs? \""}, {"nb": 836, "data": "Clouds of Lushan The scenery of Lushan is very beautiful. There are peaks, valleys, waterfalls, and streams, especially the fickle clouds, which add a bit of mystery to it. When visiting the mountains, it seems that you can feel the floating clouds at your fingertips. When walking on the mountain roads, there is often a feeling of rising clouds and fog driving. The clouds and mists of Lushan are in various forms. Those clouds covering the top of the mountain are like white fleece hats worn on the top of the mountain; those clouds entangled in the middle of the mountain are like strips of jade tied around the mountainside. Clouds and mist pervade the valley. It is a vast sea. Clouds and mist cover the mountain peaks. It is a huge sky. Lushan's clouds are changing rapidly. The cloud in front of me was just a ray of light wafting in the wind, and in a blink of time it became a galaxy of nine days. It was a white horse with four hoofs and wind. It has n\u2019t waited for you to see it clearly. An iceberg floating on the Arctic Ocean ... The clouds and mists of Lushan are in all shapes and sizes, The clouds and mists that surround the mountain are like white fleece hats on the top of the mountain;"}, {"nb": 837, "data": "Summer night is so beautiful. Summer night is quiet in the park. As soon as the water lily closed her eyes in the pool, she was awakened by the weeping cry. She opened her eyes and saw that an ant was lying on a waterweed. The water lily asked: \"What's the matter with you, little ant?\" The little ant said, \"I accidentally fell into the pond and couldn't get on the shore!\" \"Come up!\" The water lily bent down and let him climb up. The little ant was very grateful, and said, \"Thank you, Aunt Water Lily.\" Go home. Otherwise, mom and dad will be anxious. \"Their words were heard by the dragonfly resting on the water lily leaf. He asked: \"Girl Water Lily, is there anything wrong?\" \"The little ant wants to go home, but I can't send him.\" The dragonfly said, \"Let me come and send the little ant!\" Can you do that? \"At this moment, a firefly came and said,\" I'll light up for you. \"The little ant climbed up the\" airplane \"and the dragonfly took off. The firefly lit a little lantern in the front. The dragonfly flew, flew over the green rockery, flew over the green lawn, flew to a flowerbed, and the little ant arrived home. When the stars saw it, they blinked happily. Ah, what a beautiful summer night! The firefly lit a little lantern in the front."}, {"nb": 838, "data": "On this day, the father called the three children to him, and said, \"Please fold each of these sticks!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately slammed, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied the three sticks together and gave them to the elder son. \"Fold it!\" The eldest son tried his best to fold this bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Children, you see, a stick is very fragile, but the three are tied together to become strong. In other words, as long as you work together, there is nothing impossible.\" The eldest son ran out Strength is to fold this bundle of sticks."}, {"nb": 839, "data": "Cute little goldfish mother bought me 3 cute little goldfish today. These three goldfish are different in color. One is black, with two bulging eyes, like two small balls. One is red, and its mouth is round like the letter O in our pinyin. It likes to spit out white bubbles. Another one is colorful. It is the most naughty. It always swims first every time it is fed. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find them more secrets. Cute little goldfish mother bought me 3 cute little goldfish today."}, {"nb": 840, "data": "Spring silkworm is ambitious. Madam Curie is a person who devotes her whole body and soul to the cause of science and human progress. She devoted her life to researching radium, established a brand new radiology science, and became a pioneer of nuclear physics. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of spring silkworm. This is the character of Mrs. Curie that is moving. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of spring silkworm. This is the character of Mrs. Curie that is moving."}, {"nb": 841, "data": "Tree Planting March 12 On the Arbor Day, the sun was shining and the spring breeze blew across the face. As soon as the students came to the suburbs under the leadership of the teacher, they began to plant trees in division of labor. Some of the students in the distance were digging pits with shovel, some were supporting the saplings, some were filling the soil, and some were watering. They were doing very hot. Nearby Xiaoming and Xiaohong were grouped together. At first Xiaoming was in charge of digging. After digging, I can't move. If you dig harder, you still can't dig. Ah! It turned out to be a large stone. He carried the stone out vigorously and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug. Xiao Hong gently inserted the small tree sapling in the tree pit and held it carefully, Xiao Ming slowly filled the soil in. It 's time to water after filling the soil. The two of them brought a bucket full of water and poured it on the roots of the tree to allow the young saplings to drink enough. Xiaoming and Xiaohong seem to be saying, \"Little tree seedling, you are about to grow up, grow into a towering tree early, and make a beam for high-rise buildings.\" Xiao tree seedling also seems to be saying, \"You are really good children who love work.\" Xiaoming and Xiaohong are grouped together."}, {"nb": 842, "data": "The little monkey ate the watermelon. The little monkey ran to the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He picked the next watermelon and ate it. A calf next to him saw him deliver the round watermelon to his mouth, and said to him, \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The little monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" Then he bit down a piece of watermelon rind, chewed without taste, and threw the bitten watermelon angrily to the ground and said, \"Not good! Not good!\" Calf Tell him, \"Who wants you to eat the skin? When eating watermelon, you should eat the glutinous rice inside!\" He said, biting off a piece of watermelon skin, chewing without taste, and throwing the bitten watermelon angrily to the ground : \" Unappetizing!"}, {"nb": 843, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, the tomato leaves can't be eaten, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so glad I learned so much today!\" Mother Bear said, \"You remember The tomato leaves cannot be eaten, you must eat its fruit."}, {"nb": 844, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again."}, {"nb": 845, "data": "The little stream sang again.The little stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued on and on. People who walked by the stream praised her: \"How beautiful and beautiful the river is, and the singing is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped beside a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear and so beautiful, why run again? Let's rest!\" The stream stopped and didn't sing. Gradually, she became cloudy. The drizzle advised her: \"Small stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After listening to the drizzle, the stream passed around the big bluestone and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds are reflected in the stream again. The stream became clear again."}, {"nb": 846, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said: \"You remember, the tomato leaves can't be eaten, you have to eat its fruits.\" Little Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so happy to learn so much today!\" The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables."}, {"nb": 847, "data": "At night in the square When the night falls and the sky is full of stars, the beautiful Bigui Plaza is always lively. On festive nights, the square seems more lively than usual. People came here one after another during the May 1 leisure time. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be spraying higher. Look at the springs it spouts, which are even more brilliant under the mapping of colorful lights. The spring water that comes out is various, some are like fireworks, spraying a thick water mist; some are like water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some are like meteors, and slowly fall down after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain accompanied by crisp music sounds makes people can't help but stop and watch it. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be spraying higher. Look at the springs it spouts, which are even more brilliant under the mapping of colorful lights."}, {"nb": 848, "data": "Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. The peacock first ran to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you! I look the best, open my tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the myna came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you Let's be together! My mouth is the most clever. Whatever you say, I will say what you want to hear. \"At this moment, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen, \"What's your skill?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither beautiful nor my mouth good. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"A down-to-earth egg is more precious than playing with a hundred beautiful feathers and saying a thousand good words. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to live here.\" The peacock and myna listened to the farmer's words , Sorry to go. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer."}, {"nb": 849, "data": "Once upon a time, a couple opened a hotel, and because of the cheap wine they sold, the business was booming. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water with the wine and sold it for five yuan more. At night when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her compliment. Who knew that her husband was so angry that his feet were so straight that he cried with headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with only 5 yuan of credibility. Sure enough, their business was not as prosperous as before, and finally finally broke completely. When the wife was impoverished and dying, she shed tears in remorse and said, \"I see ...\" The husband came back at night, and the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her husband's compliment."}, {"nb": 850, "data": "A pair of small shoes The rabbit has found a pair of beautiful small shoes.Who's it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Look for the duckling. The duckling said, \"No, no, I have webs on my feet. I can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Look for the bird. The bird said, \"No, no, my feet are pointed. Can Grasp the branches, I never wear shoes. \"Look for the kitten. The kitten said,\" No, no, I have a soft pad on my feet, and there is no sound when I walk, I never wear shoes. \" The horse, the pony said, \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can go a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the rabbit saw a little baby, light Running on the beach with my feet ... Rabbit asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said, \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right The little rabbit said, \"Thank you!\" Look, look, little rabbit sees a baby, barefoot, Running on the beach ... Bunny asked: \"baby, these shoes are yours?"}, {"nb": 851, "data": "Hundreds of species of seabirds live on the Xisha Islands in the South China Sea. The most numerous are white birds. This white bird loves fish most. They hunt for fish on the sea in groups and fly back to the island in the evening. The largest seabird is called an albatross. Its wings are as long as two desks. It often spreads its wings and flies at sea, and can fly for hundreds of miles before it stops. It often spreads its wings and flies at sea, and can fly for hundreds of miles before it stops."}, {"nb": 852, "data": "There is a beautiful, clean and clear creek in Lucky Creek Park. Every day, tourists are attracted by the beauty of the river. However, people are less and less caring about the environment. They always throw rubbish into innocent rivers, making the rivers a home for garbage. Xiaohe felt that he was getting more and more stinky. Few people were willing to pass there, even if someone passed by, he was covering his nose. Later, after everyone's efforts, Xiaohe restored her original appearance. The river laughed again, the fish swam even more joyfully, and the tourists increased. Later, after everyone's efforts, Xiaohe restored her original appearance."}, {"nb": 853, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. \"After many more days, the penguin received the returned box."}, {"nb": 854, "data": "In my painting classroom there is a \"small grass green\" garden. This is the poster for our class. The teacher said that the pictures and diaries in the posters were like small grasses, and they would thrive. I drew pictures for our posters and added a little green to \"Little Grass Green\". When I paint the sun, flowers and trees cannot be separated from the sun, so that the grass here grows more lush. I draw the woods again. The woods can block the wind and sand, and the air will become fresher. I will draw a modern garbage cleaning station to clean up the garbage and create a more beautiful environment. Do you say that I paint these paintings beautifully? I drew pictures for our posters and added a little green to \"Little Grass Green\"."}, {"nb": 855, "data": "It doesn't matter if there is no electric light in the lantern. I have a lantern. If you come during the day, it 's just a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it is a small green light. The glass bottle contained grass and a firefly. The glass bottle contained grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 856, "data": "One day, a pig went to the stable to visit its good friend, the old horse, and was going to stay there for the night. It's getting dark, it's time to sleep. The pig got into the haystack and lay down comfortably. However, after a long time, the horse was still standing still. The pig asked the horse why he didn't sleep. The horse replied that it stood like this even if it was already asleep. The pig felt strange, and said, \"How do you sleep while standing? This is not comfortable at all.\" Ma replied, \"Ease, this is your habit. As horses, we are used to Mercedes. So, it is in We are always ready to run when we sleep. \"The pig got into the haystack and lay down comfortably."}, {"nb": 857, "data": "A seed sleeps in the dirt. When he woke up and felt very warm, he held his body up. It was a little thirsty. After taking a sip of water, it felt very comfortable, and it held up its body. The spring breeze was blowing gently. The seed asked the earthworm: \"What's the sound outside?\" The earthworm said, \"That's the spring breeze. The spring breeze is telling us to go outside.\" \"What's it like outside? Is it so dark?\" \"No, it's bright outside.\" Earthworm As he said, he was digging out, \"I'll help you loosen the soil, so you can dig out.\" Seeds were very happy when they heard it, and they stood upright again. The spring breeze is singing, the springs are singing, the birds are singing, and the children are singing. When Seed heard that it was very lively outside, she quickly said, \"Ah, I'm going out!\" Seed held her body upright, and her eyes suddenly lighted up, ah, a bright world! \"The earthworm said,\" It's spring breeze. \""}, {"nb": 858, "data": "The beautiful bear polluted the bear and planted a lot of flowers. The yard smelled fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot, but the bear said, \"My flowers are not for sale, I just give them away. Come to pick flowers on June 5!\" On the 5th, the bear carried a pot of potted flowers onto a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and give you a pot of flowers\" was inserted on it. The puppies understand that today is World Environment Day, and the bears are protecting the environment, and I want to participate. Jingle bells, tricycles crossing alleys, crossing the street, the puppy ran and shouted: \"beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" When the kittens and rabbits heard it, they went out, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Huge Monkey arrived with a basket of used batteries, the flowers had already been delivered. Huge Monkey said with a smile: \"It doesn't matter. To care for the environment is to protect our lives.\" When the delivery was over, Huge Monkey said with a smile: \"It's okay. Taking care of the environment means taking care of our lives."}, {"nb": 859, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket and prepared for winter. It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"It \u2019s cold, father of the sycamore tree, why do n\u2019t you grow more leaves, but you shed the leaves, and your whole body is bare. Are you afraid of cold in winter The sycamore tree laughed and said, \"Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter!\" The little squirrel asked in surprise: \"So, the leaves grow because they are afraid of heat?\" \"No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, it's very important! \"\" So ... \"The little squirrel didn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again and again: \"Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit moisture, the autumn is dry, and the roots drink less water. When the leaves are radiated, we will die if we lack water. It can better winter. \"It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously:\" The sycamore tree, it's cold, why don't you grow more leaves, but instead shed the leaves, the whole body Bare, aren't you afraid of cold in winter?"}, {"nb": 860, "data": "Xiao He Healing Xiao He loves to be clean and everyone likes it very much. One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin. Flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner. The little rabbit asked strangely, \"Hey, what's the matter with you?\" Xiao He was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Is Xiaohe ill?\" Rabbit thought to her, or hurry up and see the wood doctor, Woodpecker! Here comes the woodpecker, and he takes a closer look and says, \"Your friends have stained the river, please find them for treatment Rule it! \"When the little rabbit heard it, he quickly brought the lamb, the puppy, and the pig. Everyone looked blushed, and quickly said to Sorry I was sorry. It turned out that they poured dirty things into the stream. How could the stream not get sick? One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin. Flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner."}, {"nb": 861, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the stream and looked at it, he exclaimed angrily: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh since ...! Since the magpie, the crow and the golden pheasant, the crow and the golden pheasant all wore white feather coat Dress up pretty."}, {"nb": 862, "data": "In the green boat in spring, the willows bend down and look at the pond as a mirror. The spring breeze blew gently, and the willow branches shook and shook. Willow leaves are more like bows, full of willow branches. In autumn, the willow bends down and looks into the pond against the pond. The bow was loosened, and the pieces fell down, like a small boat, swirling gently on the water surface, slowly waving. Go, go, the boat sails away. Small boats, small boats, come back early, and re-tie the bows with willow treetops. Small boats, small boats, come back early, and re-tie the bows with willow treetops."}, {"nb": 863, "data": "Animals are really interesting. Butterflies fluttered on the flowers, just like flying flowers, beautiful! Knowing that they screamed loudly on the tree, and the bees hummed softly under the tree, they were like singers. The wild geese fly in the sky. They are lined up as \"one\" and lined up as \"people\". The woodpecker who was healing the tree saw it and whispered, \"A big wild goose is like a calligrapher!\" Do you like animals? The wild geese fly in the sky. They are lined up as \"one\" and lined up as \"people\"."}, {"nb": 864, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" \"The farmer took his The wife and daughter called over, and they discussed together: The farmer said, \"Please come in happily."}, {"nb": 865, "data": "Multifunctional Bridge I am a bridge engineer and I designed a multifunctional bridge. It can move, it will stretch and shorten, it will rise and fall. When the water is heavy, I can erect this bridge on the water at any time. If the river water rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge. If the river recedes, I will lower the bridge again, shorten it, and transport it back to the warehouse. When the water is heavy, I can erect this bridge on the water at any time. If the river water rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge."}, {"nb": 866, "data": "Bananas have no seeds In the south of our country, there are large banana trees growing. Every harvest season, a lot of bananas grow on a flower stem, and each banana grows upwards, and when viewed from a distance, it looks like a green flower barrel made of bananas. The ripe banana was cut off by the worker's uncle from the stem with a sickle, and then the banana attached to the stem was carried back and sent to the car. The driver 's uncle sent them to various places. Eating a sweet and sweet banana, have you ever thought about how it is grown? Does the banana have seeds? In fact, bananas have no seeds, and their reproduction is accomplished by the roots that grow in the soil. So if you like bananas very much, don't bury the bananas in the soil and wait for it to grow more fruits. Because bananas have no seeds. In fact, bananas have no seeds, and their reproduction is accomplished by the roots that grow in the soil."}, {"nb": 867, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. They went to look for the ox as the referee."}, {"nb": 868, "data": "Grandfather Dongdong rode on a donkey and lifted a cold whip all the way from the distant Siberian plains and came to us. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a flower-covered ice cream in the refrigerator. The sycamore turns into a gray coral, and the sparrow is a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window turned into a beautiful screen. Frost was only a butterfly sleeping on the screen. The window turned into a beautiful screen. Frost was only a butterfly sleeping on the screen."}, {"nb": 869, "data": "Calendar The old man stepped on firecrackers and flew with snowflakes. Look, who is coming towards us? Ah, it was the old man who came to the calendar. Calendar The old man is so good, so give us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet refined toffee. It is a thick brand new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns and 365 moons. Go to school in the summer and teach us not to be afraid of the heat, and read early in the winter to teach us not to be afraid of the frost. We accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve day by day. Ah, how precious the old man's gift is, we must treasure it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail and lead us to sail daily in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge. It is a thick brand new calendar with a total of 365 sheets."}, {"nb": 870, "data": "Looking for a needle for my grandmother One evening, my grandmother sat on a chair and sewed her clothes carefully. Accidentally, a needle placed by her grandmother on the needle box rolled under the chair. My grandmother asked me to look for a needle, but after searching for a long time, she didn't find it. The grandmother said, \"Forget it, forget it, don't find it, I'll take another one.\" Suddenly, I thought there was a magnet in the pencil case. So I said to my grandmother, \"Grandma, I have a way, I will find the needle.\" I took the magnet in my hand and looked for the missing needle. \"Haha! I finally found it!\" I am a smart child. I thought: I can use my knowledge to do something for adults. \"I took the magnet in my hand and looked for the missing needle.\" Haha!"}, {"nb": 871, "data": "In the doctor's forest of trees, there is a hundred-year-old tree, which grows leafy and is a good place for birds to play. One day, for some reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to see the woodpecker doctor. The woodpecker doctor flew over. He stopped on a branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-a sharp mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then extended his mouth in to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, the tree worms on the old tree were completely eaten by the woodpecker. Wow ! So comfortable. The old tree opened a smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No thanks, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again. It turned out that the tree worm was messing up."}, {"nb": 872, "data": "Little turtle dove is lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked the Pasqueflower: \"Grandpa Pasqueflower, who can make friends with me?\" Pasqueflower said: \"You can go and make friends with Magpie, he is warm and kind!\" Xiao Hanu said shamefully, \"I overtaken his Nest, he won't be nice to me. \"Pasque flower said:\" You can make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little turtledove said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive Mine. \u201dThe bald-head thought for a while, and said,\u201c Well, go and find a little sparrow. He is naive and lively! \u201dLittle turtledove said in distress:\u201c No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, Pecking him with blood. \"The bald-headed sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others. Who wants to be your friend? \"The bald-headed said:\" You can make friends with magpies, he Warm and kind!"}, {"nb": 873, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with light yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers are falling, and jujube trees are full of young green dates. In autumn, Xiaoqingzao slowly turned red, and became a very large and large jujube. At this time, the trees seemed to be full of small round lanterns. My child and I stood under the tree and looked up at these red dates. How happy! At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees. At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees."}, {"nb": 874, "data": "An artificial satellite is a satellite built according to people 's needs. It has several abilities. Communication satellites can broadcast daily TV news programs. Navigation satellites can determine the direction of navigation. There is also a type of meteorological satellite that can take pictures of meteorological clouds on the earth, allowing localities to make accurate weather forecasts. An artificial satellite is a satellite built according to people 's needs. It has several abilities."}, {"nb": 875, "data": "Do you know children, Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge? There is a Yangtze River Bridge in Nanjing. It is a very large bridge. If you walk across this big bridge, it will take more than an hour. The bridge has two floors. Eight cars can be driven side by side on the highway bridge above. The trains from south to north on the railway bridge below can leave at the same time. Big boats Small boats pass under the bridge. How majestic the Yangtze River Bridge is! There is a Yangtze River Bridge in Nanjing. It is a very large bridge."}, {"nb": 876, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a maggot when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. \u201dThe fly said happily, holding its hand: Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray hits them \"flutter\" twice, and the mosquito flies are all dead. The \"radar\" spray hits them \"flutter\" twice, mosquito flies All are dead."}, {"nb": 877, "data": "Meteorological tree In the south of China, there is a tree called red leafy red bean. On sunny days, its leaves are green. If there is going to be a rainy day, the leaves under this canopy will first turn red and then gradually go up to the top of the tree. If it is found on a rainy day that the leaves change from red to light red, and then gradually return to green, this indicates that the weather will become fine. Therefore, people call small leaf red bean trees \"change trees\" and \"meteorological trees\". Have you ever seen such a tree? How interesting! If it is found on a rainy day that the leaves change from red to light red, and then gradually return to green, this indicates that the weather will become fine."}, {"nb": 878, "data": "Beautiful spring spring is so beautiful! Because in spring, the plants that \"sleep\" for a winter will spit branches and leaves, showing their fullness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed to spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"gray clothes\" and put on \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and put on \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The bunny said, \"We are the most beautiful animals in spring!\" The flower countered, \"Aren't we plants full of variety?\" Really, willow catkins are like cotton on the willow trees, and flowers are like flowers on the peach trees. ...... The forest plant kingdom is really Yingge Yanwu and Butterfly Wubee flying! The animals in the forest changed to spring clothes: the little rabbit took off \"gray clothes\" and changed to \"white clothes\";"}, {"nb": 879, "data": "The little monster who missed the spell learned a lot of spells from his father. He used spells to make gardens, castles, and gold and silver jewelry. Although the little monster can change a lot of things with spells, he is not happy at all, and there is no smile on his face. One day, for some reason, he missed the wrong spell and turned himself into a little bitch. The little monster limped along the forest while the little rabbit saw it and jumped all the way to help him pick up the things in his hand. The little monkey saw it and helped him down the high hillside. When the little lark saw it, he gave him many delicious fruits. When the little monsters said \"thank you\" to the little rabbit, the monkey, and the little lark, their faces all smiled sweetly. Xiao Jingwei then realized that the happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and accepting the help of others. He used spells to make gardens, castles, and gold and silver jewelry."}, {"nb": 880, "data": "The small waterdrop said, \"The lotus leaf is my cradle.\" The small waterdrop lay on the lotus leaf, and blinked bright eyes. The small dragonfly said, \"The lotus leaf is my apron.\" The small dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf, spreading its wide wings. The little frog said, \"The lotus leaf is my song stand.\" The little frog squatted on the lotus leaf and sang loudly. The child said, \"The lotus leaf is my cool hat.\" The child put on the lotus leaf, smiling and rosy, hiding under the green, slick lotus leaf, which is even more beautiful than the lotus flower! The little dragonfly said, \"The lotus leaf is my apron."}, {"nb": 881, "data": "Song Yan liked to read when he was a kid. He had no money to buy books and had to borrow from others. Every time he borrowed a book, he always said a good return date and returned it in time. Once, he borrowed a book, and the more he read the more he liked it, he decided to copy it down. He copied the book overnight, and his mother said, \"Child, it's midnight. Let's copy it at dawn. People are not in a hurry to ask for a book.\" Song Yan said, \"Regardless of people's urgency, they will return the book when the deadline is reached. If they speak How can you get the respect of others when you do n\u2019t talk about credit? \u201dSong Yan said,\u201c Regardless of people \u2019s urgency, they will return books when the deadline is reached."}, {"nb": 882, "data": "Recruitment Notice The little calf is so lonely that he wants to find a friend. He posted a \"recruitment notice\" in front of the bullpen, which said: \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, play together, bask in the sun, and learn to farm together. Who can Do the above, welcome to contact ... \"\" Solicitation of Friends \"has just been posted, and everyone is eager to see it. But the goats, the hounds, the cats, and the foals came one by one in excitement, one by one shaking their heads and leaving in disappointment. \"Well, the world is so big, why can't a friend be found?\" The calf complained to the old cow. After listening to the little calf, the old cow smiled and taught him a way. The next day, the little calf posted a \"recruitment note\": \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, or play with the sun, or learn to farm together. Who If you can do one of them, you are welcome to contact us ... \"As soon as the new\" Recruitment Notice \"was posted, the front of the bullpen became lively. Everyone surrounded the little calves. The goat said, \"Let me graze with you!\" The hound said, \"Let me play with you!\" The cat said, \"Let me accompany you to bask in the sun!\" The foal said, \"Let me study farming with you.\" \"After a while, the calf had many friends. The little calf complained to the old cow."}, {"nb": 883, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! I make your bell ring!"}, {"nb": 884, "data": "The Olympic flag is white in color and the five central rings are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red, respectively; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green, respectively. The connection of the five rings symbolizes the people of the world holding hands and connecting hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger. The flag of the Olympic Games is white and the five central rings are arranged in two rows."}, {"nb": 885, "data": "A deer and a lion are beside the clear spring, and a deer is bowing its head to drink water. The water surface is like a mirror, which clearly reflects the figure of a deer. The deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This was his most proud place. Look again at the two thin legs on the water surface, supporting the body weakly, and the deer can't help but feel discouraged. Lu Zhengsi froze, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run away. His thin legs ran light and flexible, leaving the lion far behind. The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but the two thick legs were powerless, and he could only watch the deer escape and watch. Due to panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle tripped the two high horns of the deer. The deer was desperately struggling, but still couldn't get rid of it, instead it made a loud noise. The lion came after him from behind. The lion darted at the deer and caught it. Before the death, the deer said, \"What I thought was unsightly saved me, but what I trusted so much killed me.\" Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle stumbled the two towering horns of the deer. ."}, {"nb": 886, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blow away a bunch of soap bubbles. They are carrying red orange yellow green blue blue purple and they fly away. I am very sad, walking and looking for them. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me, \"Do you look like I'm blowing bubbles like you? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said, \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me be friends with you! \"... I ran home cheerfully and told my mother that I had many, many friends. I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 887, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a teacher who gave a question to students: see who can buy a thing with little money and can fill the study room. After school, the students went to the market. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took out a candle from his sleeve and lit it. The candlelight lit the whole room at once. After seeing him, he said happily, \"Okay! Okay! Han Yu is so smart!\" But no one was able to fill the study room."}, {"nb": 888, "data": "Winter is here, and the little frog is still swimming in the small pond. How nice to find a companion to play with! The little frog asked Loach: \"Let's play together?\" Loach said: \"It's cold, I'm going to drill into the bed for winter!\" After that, I went into the soft river and disappeared. The little frog asked a small carp beside him: \"Let's play together!\" The small carp shook his head and said, \"We all sleep together in the winter!\" How should the little frog spend the winter? Winter is here, and the little frog is still swimming in the small pond."}, {"nb": 889, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice-catching expert rice paddy, which read: \"The insect-catching expert: frogs, toads.\" The frog was angry at first glance: \"Toad, isn't it the toad that children hate? What kind of insect-catching expert?\" The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you've been by the field all day. Who do you say will catch bugs? Why is the toad on the glory list also a bug catcher? I work hard every day to catch bugs. I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile:\" You catch worms during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the haystack. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's night shift!\" Toad started catching worms, catching one after another. When the frog looked at it, it became clear that it had mistaken Toad by itself, and the frog lowered its head in embarrassment. When the frog looked at it, it became clear that it had mistaken Toad by itself, and the frog lowered its head in embarrassment."}, {"nb": 890, "data": "The beautiful sea and the sea are blue and wide. The beach is yellow and long and soft. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach. They picked up small shells and wore them into beautiful necklaces, which they hung on their chests. The children happily ran around on the beach and gave a series of joyous laughter to the sea. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells."}, {"nb": 891, "data": "Big fruit basket in the fall after rain. The big hillside has become even more beautiful! Red pomegranates, golden apples, sweet oranges, fragrant snow pears ... fruit dolls showed round smiling faces, one by one, packed with large hillsides. From a distance, the big hillside looks like a big fruit basket. The doll in the mountain said, \"If it is good to have a handle, we can lift the big fruit basket home.\" Rainbow Girl heard it, and she flew down from the sky into a beautiful handle. Now, the big hillside really turns into a big fruit basket! \"The Rainbow Girl heard it, and she flew down from the sky into a beautiful handle."}, {"nb": 892, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny."}, {"nb": 893, "data": "Whenever I go out in winter, my grandmother always wears her gray woolen cap. But today, she only wore a scarf. She said, \"A hole has been ripped in the hat, so I need to make up for it.\" I looked at the woolen cap, thought about it, ran back to the house, pulled out a pair of cotton gloves I had worn as a kid, and removed the top A small flower, compared, and found that it is suitable to put in the hole in the grandmother's hat! I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed. At night, I heard my grandmother's shout: \"Who helped me make up my hat? Beautiful and warm!\" I smiled secretly, this is my little secret, to hide in my heart. She said: \"A hole has been ripped in the hat and it needs to be patched before it can be worn."}, {"nb": 894, "data": "The first big apple and the little bear's apple were ripe. He invited a friend to taste it. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat first? The little deer said, \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Give me this big apple.\" The little monkey said, \"In the winter, I pass the thick straw clothes to the fruit trees. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Give me this big apple. \"What should I do? The little bear's eyes turned, and the apple was cut into six pieces. He picked the two largest pieces and gave them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understand: You must first think of your elders when eating, and sharing happiness is the happiest one. The little bear's eyes turned, and the apple was cut into six pieces. He picked the two largest pieces and gave them to his father and mother."}, {"nb": 895, "data": "Tree Planting March 12 On the Arbor Day, the sun was shining and the spring breeze blew across the face. As soon as the students came to the suburbs under the leadership of the teacher, they began to plant trees in division of labor. Some of the students in the distance were digging pits with shovel, some were supporting the saplings, some were filling the soil, and some were watering. They were doing very hot. Nearby Xiaoming and Xiaohong were grouped together. At first Xiaoming was in charge of digging. After digging, I can't move. If you dig harder, you still can't dig. Ah! It turned out to be a large stone. He carried the stone out vigorously and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug. Xiao Hong gently inserted the small tree sapling in the tree pit and held it carefully, Xiao Ming slowly filled the soil in. It 's time to water after filling the soil. The two of them brought a bucket full of water and poured it on the roots of the tree to allow the young saplings to drink enough. Xiaoming and Xiaohong seem to be saying, \"Little sapling, you are about to grow up, grow into a towering tree early, and make a beam for high-rise buildings.\" Xiao sapling also seems to be saying, \"You are really good children who love work.\" Xiaohong Gently insert the small sapling in the tree pit and hold it carefully, Xiao Ming slowly fills in the soil."}, {"nb": 896, "data": "Mi Jia 's Diary In winter, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh, and skated with her partners on the river. He happily wrote down his diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He wrote his diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, picks wild fruits, and turns around in the shade. He wrote his diary happily: \"Summer is so happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the apples in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are Huang Chengcheng. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is so lovely, I hope it will always be autumn.\" He happily wrote a diary: \"Summer is really happy, I hope it will always be summer."}, {"nb": 897, "data": "Millet said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red. I just let autumn air be red.\" Cotton said, \"Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I be covered with silver?\" Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and my blooming flowers are proof.\" Songbai said: There is no difference between Qiu and Xia, both are as green as me ... Autumn shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous is autumn? \"Autumn heard and shook his head and said,\" No, no, I'm colorful."}, {"nb": 898, "data": "White mushrooms thunder, a shower, and beautiful woods with water pearls. A big mushroom was drilled out of the green and lovely grass. The whole body of the big mushroom is white and snowy, fresh and smooth like the petals of a pear flower. The round head looks like an open umbrella, and it looks like a stand on a pillar. The golden sun shone on it, twinkling with radiance. Wow ! What a beautiful white mushroom. The praying mantis jumped up and said loudly, \"I will play a big knife under the white mushroom, and I will not get sweaty.\" The white mushroom cried, \"Don't! Don't! What do you do with a big knife that hurts me?\" Gently said, \"The white mushroom is timid, don't scare it. Practice the knife beside me!\" The praying mantis lowered its head and walked away. I ran over and shouted, \"I want to stand on the top of white mushrooms and sing. What a beautiful stage!\" White mushrooms cried, \"No, no! What do you do if you step on it?\" Qing Cao said enthusiastically: \"Come, stand on my green leaves and sing!\" \u87cb\u87c0 blinked, and left. The little ant came over and said, \"At night, I sat under the big umbrella of the white mushroom and listened to the music played by the children. The dew wouldn't wet my clothes.\" The white mushroom pouted and said, \"No Well! No one is allowed to approach me. \"Everyone looked at the white mushroom in astonishment, silent. I ran over and called, \"I will stand on the top of the white mushroom and sing."}, {"nb": 899, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked: \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" : \"We should invite wealth in. We are too poor."}, {"nb": 900, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie."}, {"nb": 901, "data": "There are small drops of water on the back of the little turtle, and it must be hot and sweaty. Sweetly hurriedly fanned it. Dad told sweet that the turtle is like a fish, a cold-blooded animal, and it is not afraid of heat. Sweating is because the turtle's back is cold and there is more water vapor in the air. Small drops of water have formed on the turtle's back, indicating that it is going to rain. Sweating is because the turtle's back is cold and there is more water vapor in the air. Small drops of water have formed on the turtle's back, indicating that it is going to rain."}, {"nb": 902, "data": "One winter, Lenin was nourishing in the suburbs. He goes for a walk in the park every day. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three greyfinches on the tree: two breasts are pink, and one breast is crimson. They bounce back and forth between the branches and sing gently, which is very cute. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he stopped and looked up at the three cheerful greyfinches, and often brought them breadcrumbs and grains. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he stopped and looked up at the three cheerful greyfinches, and often brought them breadcrumbs and grains."}, {"nb": 903, "data": "Brave and clever A little squirrel and three little kangaroos are playing under a fruit tree. The mother kangaroo is watching them not far away. Suddenly, a wicked wolf got out of the woods. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time. The evil wolf drooled and swooped at it. \"Oh!\" Something hit the head of the old wolf, and the evil wolf opened his mouth wide and looked up. \"Oh!\" Another thing caught his throat, the wolf was frightened, thinking it was the hunter's bullet, and ran away with his tail in his hands. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is brave!\" The little kangaroo said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so smart!\" After hearing this, the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo, \"Your mother is so brave!"}, {"nb": 904, "data": "Kangaroo and gold An old kangaroo takes his child out of the way. When he was tired of walking and put down the child to rest, he found a pile of gold around him. The old kangaroo looked at the golden gold and still put his child in the bag. The grass on the side of the road said to the kangaroo, \"Wouldn't you use your sack to fill a bag full of gold?\" \"No.\" The kangaroo said, \"I still want my child. In my mother's heart, I lost it. Loved ones, gold is worthless. \"Kangaroo and gold An old kangaroo takes his child away."}, {"nb": 905, "data": "In the past, several blind people touched an elephant. Those who touched elephant legs said, \"An elephant is like a pillar.\" Those who touched the elephant body said, \"An elephant is like a wall.\" Those who touched their tails said, \"An elephant is like a snake.\" They all said they were right, and they were blushing. \"The elephant who touched the elephant said:\" The elephant is like a wall."}, {"nb": 906, "data": "What is the New Year I had a dream, I was on a spaceship to travel. I asked the stars: \"What is New Year?\" The stars whispered, \"New Year is new clothes and hats.\" Moon said aloud, \"New Year is candy and toys.\" The sun smiled and said, \"New Year is happy, New Year is progress. \"I see. New year is here, and I'm one year older. I will be more sensible and capable! I asked the stars: \"What is New Year?"}, {"nb": 907, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with light yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers are falling, and jujube trees are full of young green dates. In autumn, Xiaoqingzao slowly turned red, and became a very large and large jujube. At this time, the trees seemed to be full of small round lanterns. My child and I stood under the tree and looked up at these red dates. How happy! At the end of autumn and the beginning of winter, we were eating red and sweet dates, and we were very grateful to those who planted date trees. In summer, the flowers are falling, and jujube trees are full of young green dates."}, {"nb": 908, "data": "Sun flower I like the sun flower. It is one of the most common flowers in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender and it seems that water will come out with a stab in the hand. Sunflower leaves are very special. They are small and thick. The surface of the leaves looks like a thin layer of wax, which is smooth and green. The color of the sun flower is particularly bright, some are white as jade, some bright red as fire, and some golden as gold, and the pink is like a layer of faint rouge, the flowers are not large, and the multi-layered petals are naturally delicate The single-layered petals are so pretty, they are really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because it is bright in color, but also because it has tenacious vitality. It is not afraid of the sun, wind and rain, so it always flourishes, just insert a small stem, insert In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom. The color of the sun flower is particularly bright, some are white as jade, some bright red as fire, and some golden as gold, and the pink is like a layer of faint rouge, the flowers are not large, and the multi-layered petals are naturally delicate The single-layered petals are so pretty, they are really flattering."}, {"nb": 909, "data": "Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors. In the morning, the rabbit borrowed a pot from the rooster. The cock said, \"Don't borrow it.\" In the afternoon, the duck asked the cock to help pick water. The cock said, \"Don't go.\" In the evening, there was a sudden strong wind and heavy rain. The roof of the rooster was blown off by the strong wind, and he was so anxious that he barked and jumped. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, and the roof was repaired. The cock looks at the repaired roof, and then the rabbit and duck, and the cock blushes. Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors."}, {"nb": 910, "data": "The little stream sang again.The little stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued on and on. People who walked by the stream praised her: \"How beautiful and beautiful the river is, and the singing is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped beside a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear and so beautiful, why run again? Let's rest!\" The stream stopped and didn't sing. Gradually, she became cloudy. The drizzle advised her: \"Small stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After listening to the drizzle, the stream passed around the big bluestone and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds are reflected in the stream again. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead."}, {"nb": 911, "data": "The rainbow stopped in the evening. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky to the west. \"What a beautiful rainbow!\" I said loudly. The younger brother heard the sound and came to the window. The long rainbow stretches in the clear sky to the west, and it looks like a bridge. Red, yellow, green, orange, purple, these colors are very bright. I hurried to the outside of the house in a hurry, and flew towards the rainbow as if running past. I want to run under the rainbow and look up. Run, run, but no matter how I run, I can't catch the rainbow. My brother learns what I look like and opens his hands and looks very happy. Rainbow, you are so beautiful! Rainbow, you are so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 912, "data": "The frog sat in the well. The bird flew and landed on the edge of the well. The frog asked the bird, \"Where did you come from?\" The bird replied, \"I flew more than a hundred miles from the sky, and I was thirsty. I came down to get some water to drink.\" The frog said, \"Don't say that. It \u2019s a big word, but the sky is so big, is it so far away? \u201dThe bird said,\u201c You \u2019re wrong. The sky is infinitely big! \u201dThe frog smiled and said,\u201c Friend, I sit in the sky every day. Here, I saw the sky as soon as I looked up. I can't be mistaken. \"The little bird smiled and said,\" Friend, I can't be mistaken. Don't believe it, jump out of the wellhead and take a look. \"The little bird flew Fall on the edge of the well."}, {"nb": 913, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" We invite love to come in ."}, {"nb": 914, "data": "The seven-year-old poet Luo Bin was a famous poet in the Tang Dynasty. He wrote poetry when he was seven years old. One day, King Luo Bin was playing by the pond, and he saw two white geese swimming on the turquoise water. The little white goose also stretched its neck and cried happily. King Luo Bin was so enchanted that he wrote a poem: Goose Goose Goose, the song Xiang Xiang Ge. White hairs float in green water, and anthuriums clear the waves. This poem written by a seven-year-old poet has been passed down to the present day. King Luo Bin was so enchanted that he wrote a poem: Goose Goose Goose, the song Xiang Xiang Ge."}, {"nb": 915, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton."}, {"nb": 916, "data": "When the sky was about to get dark, the cock met the owl, and there was a dispute between them. The cock said, \"As soon as the shiny round object in the sky comes out, the weather is much warmer!\" The owl said, \"Who said? When the shiny round object comes out, I feel cold all over!\" The cock said: \"Warm!\" The owl said loudly, \"Cold!\" They argued for a long time, but it turned out to be inconclusive. The cock said, \"Warm!"}, {"nb": 917, "data": "A deer and a lion are beside the clear spring, and a deer is bowing its head to drink water. The water surface is like a mirror, which clearly reflects the figure of a deer. The deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This was his most proud place. Look again at the two thin legs on the water surface, supporting the body weakly, and the deer can't help but feel discouraged. Lu Zhengsi froze, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run away. His thin legs ran light and flexible, leaving the lion far behind. The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but the two thick legs were powerless, and he could only watch the deer escape and watch. Due to panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle tripped the two high horns of the deer. The deer was desperately struggling, but still couldn't get rid of it, instead it made a loud noise. The lion came after him from behind. The lion darted at the deer and caught it. Before the death, the deer said, \"What I thought was not good-looking saved me, but what I trusted so much killed me.\" Because of my panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle."}, {"nb": 918, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\""}, {"nb": 919, "data": "In the clear stream, there is a crooked stream in front of the bunny's house. The stream is clear and bright, and it can reflect the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened. The bunny walked and saw tall elephants and fat wild boars. They were breathing heavily, using all their strength to compete against a thick tree near the creek, and trying to compare who's strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as they ran, \"Hurry up! You loosened the soil, and the soil fell into the stream, and we have no more clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed, and he knew everything was wrong, so he planted the tree back together. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky. When the elephant and the wild boar saw the little rabbits' faces flushed, they knew they were wrong, and they planted the tree back together."}, {"nb": 920, "data": "Little train Little train, whining. Quickly take your baby to Qinghai. There is my dad in Qinghai, how glorious it is to develop the west! Railroads, bridges, tall buildings, green grass. Dad's skills are really big, I have a thumbs up on my dad! Dad's skills are really big, I have a thumbs up on my dad!"}, {"nb": 921, "data": "Bananas have no seeds In the south of our country, there are large banana trees growing. Every harvest season, a lot of bananas grow on a flower stem, and each banana grows upwards, and when viewed from a distance, it looks like a green flower barrel made of bananas. The ripe banana was cut off by the worker's uncle from the stem with a sickle, and then the banana attached to the stem was carried back and sent to the car. The driver 's uncle sent them to various places. Eating a sweet and sweet banana, have you ever thought about how it is grown? Does the banana have seeds? In fact, bananas have no seeds, and their reproduction is accomplished by the roots that grow in the soil. So if you like bananas very much, don't bury the bananas in the soil and wait for it to grow more fruits. Because bananas have no seeds. In fact, bananas have no seeds, and their reproduction is accomplished by the roots that grow in the soil."}, {"nb": 922, "data": "There are several beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and color. Some have black bodies and red tails, and some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish looks the best and drags its silvery white tail to swim in the green plants. There are several beautiful goldfish in the classroom."}, {"nb": 923, "data": "A few days ago, my mother gave me and my sister a big pomegranate. Pomegranate is not good-looking. It does not have the rosy and smooth appearance of apples, which makes people look envious; it also does not have the seductive aroma of pineapples, which makes people smell covetous. It has only a layer of rough yellow skin, rustic in nature, and a crack on it, like a grinning grin. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. Mom told me that it is where the pomegranate blooms. I opened the yellow layer of pomegranate: Ah! Inside are all very beautiful seeds like crystal beads. They're crowded tightly and they're full. They look really good. The seeds are eaten in the mouth, sweet and sour, really smelling! My sister and I like to eat very much. My mother said to us: \"Do n\u2019t you just see its seeds look good and delicious, you ca n\u2019t see the rustic peel in the soil, hi, it is also a traditional Chinese medicine for diarrhea!\" Eating pomegranate, listening to my mother, I Understood: Everything must not only look at its appearance. Although pomegranates are not beautiful in appearance, they are useful from the inside out. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. Mom told me that it is where the pomegranate blooms."}, {"nb": 924, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang 's mother is a handy person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a peaceful summer night, and Zhang Leping snuggled up next to her mother to watch her embroidery. Suddenly, he found a candle oil flowing from the candle, much like the chick embroidered by his mother. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but he caught the warm, soft sludge. Following the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with mud, and dug a little red oil from the red candle, and embedded it in the white rabbit's eyes. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at her son's work, and held him back: \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinched is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art. \"With the encouragement of my mother, Grandpa Zhang stepped into the door of art step by step."}, {"nb": 925, "data": "In the green boat in spring, the willows bend down and look at the pond as a mirror. The spring breeze blew gently, and the willow branches shook and shook. Willow leaves are more like bows, full of willow branches. In autumn, the willow bends down and looks into the pond against the pond. The bow was loosened, and the pieces fell down, like a small boat, swirling gently on the water surface, slowly waving. Go, go, the boat sails away. Small boats, small boats, come back early, and re-tie the bows with willow treetops. Willow leaves are more like bows, full of willow branches."}, {"nb": 926, "data": "Yue Fei Xue wrote Yue Fei was very poor when he was a child. He wants to learn to write, but has no money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it. He said to his mother, \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said, \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he has used branches to learn to write on the sand every day. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it."}, {"nb": 927, "data": "Why is the horse's face long and the cat's face round? The horse is a herbivore. To facilitate the grinding of the grass, a row of molars has been grown, so that the face becomes longer. Cats are carnivores. They do not grind molars for food, so their jaws must be strong so they can withstand chewing over and over again. In order to support the sturdy chin, the cat's cheekbones are wide, strong, and muscular, with stretches on both sides. So the cat 's face is round. Cats are carnivores. They do not grind molars for food, so their jaws must be strong so they can withstand chewing over and over again."}, {"nb": 928, "data": "Light raindrops, two drops from the sky, and from the roof. Light rain, light rain, please jump to my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers are more beautiful when they are drunk. Light raindrops, two drops from the sky, and from the roof."}, {"nb": 929, "data": "Finding Horses in Washington There is a cute pony in Washington. One day, he took the pony out to play. Seeing a few mares, the pony broke the reins and followed the mares into John's house. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his. Washington thought about it, went to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\" John Zhiwu said, \"Left , Left eye. \"Washington shook his head. John hurriedly changed his mouth and said, \"Oh, it's the right eye.\" Washington put his hands down, and John saw that both eyes of the pony were good. John bowed his head in shame. Washington took his pony happily home. Seeing a few mares, the pony broke the reins and followed the mares into John's house."}, {"nb": 930, "data": "In a windy and sunny day, the two children chased a broken kite flying farther and farther in the clear sky ... \"If only you two little angels with wings!\" Let's go to the flying eagle! You must be able to catch the kite! \"... A few passers-by, seeing this scene, laughed at the two breathless children with laughter. \"Yes, why can't people grow a pair of wings to fly in the air like birds?\" A fantasy of \"flying\" towards the sky germinated in these two young hearts. Since then, they have begun to observe the changes in the wings of birds as they fly and glide, and they have carefully crafted various toys that can \"fly\". When they grew up, they continued to study the principle of flying. Scientific illusions have finally become reality through the hard work of people. In 1903, the world's first aircraft was born. Twenty years ago, the inventor of this propeller plane was struggling to chase the two American children-the Wright brothers-who were flying in the air with a broken kite. In a windy and sunny day, two children chased after a broken kite flying farther and farther in the clear sky ..."}, {"nb": 931, "data": "Kiwis In the autumn season, kiwis are full of branches, which make people mouth watering. The shape of the kiwi is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots, and the fine fluff is soft and soft to touch. Gently peel off its skin to reveal the jasper-like flesh inside. The texture is like a folding fan that is opened, and it looks like a bow that is pulled up one by one, and it is covered with \"small sesame seeds\". Try it, it tastes sweet and refreshing. Kiwi is not only delicious, but also has high medicinal and nutritional value. It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer! Kiwis In the autumn season, kiwis are full of branches, which make people mouth watering. The shape of the kiwi is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots, and the fine fluff is soft and soft to touch."}, {"nb": 932, "data": "The little girl who catches the sea \"The soft beach, the golden yellow sand, the little girl who catches the sea bare feet ...\" Before, while listening to this song, I dreamed that I could be the little girl who catches the sea. Today, my wish has finally come true. Now I am standing on the beach. I came to the beach with my bare feet. The sea is not the turquoise blue, but the gray blue. But the waves of waves still excite me. I came to the beach and walked slowly on the edge of the waves. The naughty waves hit my feet, gently, softly, and extremely comfortable. Later, I became bolder and went to a slightly deeper sea. At this time, the spray is no longer a naughty child, but a troublemaker. Every time the waves came, I jumped and jumped, but every time the waves came in close contact with my clothes. Alas, the little girl catching the sea had to become a \"chicken\". At this time, the spray is no longer a naughty child, but a troublemaker."}, {"nb": 933, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the elder sister rabbit, the younger duck sister, and the younger squirrel brother. One morning, Sister Rabbit came to her rooster brother: \"I'm going to buy radishes and lend me a basket.\" The rooster said, \"I will use it myself, don't borrow it!\" At noon, the duck sister came to rooster brother: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"The cock said,\" I'm going to eat, I'm not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to find the cock brother:\" I'll go up the hill tomorrow morning to chop firewood, please call me! \"The cock said,\" I'm weak Don't call! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the roof of the cock's house, and the cock screamed and jumped. Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof. It was fixed in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the rooster's roof off, and the rooster was so anxious that it cried and jumped."}, {"nb": 934, "data": "The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came to the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you,\" said the crow. The fox pretended not to say, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said, \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said, \"I'm not afraid of you, I Afraid of the dog running. \"The fox ran away when he heard the dog. The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came under the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\""}, {"nb": 935, "data": "If I am a snowflake If I am a snowflake When winter comes, I will cover the crops with a quilt. If I were a snowflake, when spring flowers bloom, I will turn into spring water to water the soil. If I were a snowflake, I would freeze the pests and make the earth clean and tidy. If I were a snowflake, I would dance around the children and bring them joy. I would like to make a snowflake! If I were a snowflake, when spring flowers bloom, I will turn into spring water to water the soil."}, {"nb": 936, "data": "The plane is flying so high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on their bodies opened. The color of the umbrella bag, red, yellow, blue, and green, is so beautiful! The plane is flying so high!"}, {"nb": 937, "data": "The first birthday cake is lamb 's birthday on June 1st, and many small animals come to congratulate her. Little rabbits give grass, calves give milk, little monkeys give peaches, and hens give eggs. Everyone sing together and wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candles and cut the first birthday cake. The calf thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show her a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, give it to her. The little rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, just give her a play. However, Lamb gave the mother the first piece of cake that she cut off, and she said, \"Without mother, there would be no me. My birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends applauded, everyone said, \"We have On the birthday, I have to give my mother the first piece of cake. \"But Lamb gave her the first piece of cake that she cut off, and she said,\" Without my mother, there would be no me. My birthday is my mother's holiday."}, {"nb": 938, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang 's mother is a handy person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a peaceful summer night, and Zhang Leping snuggled up next to her mother to watch her embroidery. Suddenly, he found a candle oil flowing from the candle, much like the chick embroidered by his mother. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but he caught the warm, soft sludge. Following the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with mud, and dug a little red oil from the red candle, and embedded it in the white rabbit's eyes. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at her son's work, and held him back: \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinched is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art. \"My mother looked at her son 's work and said to him,\" Well, the little white rabbit you pinched is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 939, "data": "Fun nose sticking game Nose sticking nose game is really interesting. During extracurricular activities, the teacher drew a big head doll with no nose on the blackboard in the classroom. Let 's stick her nose on her. It is our turn to stick noses on big head dolls. The first one to go up was Xiaojun. The team leader blindfolded him with a green silk ribbon and helped him make three turns. The little soldier slowly walked to the blackboard with a red nose. Put your nose on. Before Xiaojun took off the ribbon, the students laughed. It turned out that the nose was stuck on the right eye. During extracurricular activities, the teacher drew a big head doll with no nose on the blackboard in the classroom. Let 's stick her nose on her."}, {"nb": 940, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 941, "data": "Grandma 's Small Mountain Village Grandma lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus number 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and erect trees, not far from the tea gardens, two or three tea farmers were picking tea, and there was a large field of green wheat. Several farmers are mowing near and far. We are getting closer and closer to Grandma 's house. See, Xiaoshan Village is green everywhere, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, and even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and large pond in front of Grandma's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. The western part of the pond is a willow girl with long braids. The wicker is blown by the wind. Wagging gently, as if dancing! Ah, how beautiful the small mountain village of the grandmother 's family is! The grandmother of the small mountain village of the grandmother' s family lives in a beautiful small mountain village."}, {"nb": 942, "data": "The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock. The wolf asked, \"Good friend, where are you going?\" The cock said, \"Look at the friend.\" The wolf asked again, \"Will we two go together?\" The cock said, \"Why two? There is a dog behind Then! \"The wolf heard it, and quickly turned to escape. The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock."}, {"nb": 943, "data": "Sister Moon's new companion, Moon Sister, followed Mother Earth, spinning around day and night. Once, they turned to the side of the galaxy and suddenly found a new partner around them. Sister Moon asked: \"Who are you? Why fly to heaven?\" \"I'm a satellite, Mother Earth sent me to heaven. I can help humans broadcast TV news, I will scout planes, warships, I will report typhoon news, I will look for oil, coal ... \"After speaking with the satellite, Sister Moon smiled and said,\" Welcome! Now I have not only the space shuttle, the spaceship as a companion, but also a new partner sent by Mother Earth. \" \"\" I'm a satellite, and Mother Earth sent me to heaven. \""}, {"nb": 944, "data": "Sima Guang was clever and easy to learn when he was a kid. He often worried that his memory and learning were inferior to others, so no matter what he was studying, he spent more time than others. He read books with some little brothers. After reading for a while, the other children barely were able to recite, and then went out to play. Only Sima Guang was still sitting in the study and reading a book seriously. Only Sima Guang was still sitting in the study and reading a book seriously."}, {"nb": 945, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in front. When he looked back and saw that the little white rabbit had been left by himself, he said to the white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!"}, {"nb": 946, "data": "Animals are really interesting. Butterflies fluttered on the flowers, just like flying flowers, beautiful! Knowing that they screamed loudly on the tree, and the bees hummed softly under the tree, they were like singers. The wild geese fly in the sky. They are lined up as \"one\" and lined up as \"people\". The woodpecker who was healing the tree saw it and whispered, \"A big wild goose is like a calligrapher!\" Do you like animals? The woodpecker who was treating the tree saw it and whispered, \"The wild goose is amazing, like a calligrapher!"}, {"nb": 947, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it."}, {"nb": 948, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable. The thumb first stood up and said proudly: \"This problem is very simple, of course, my ability is the best. Why don't I rank first?\" The second thumb quit, and hurriedly said, \"I am the most amazing. People do whatever I used to give pointers. Where is your business? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up to argue,\" Look at it fast, straighten five fingers, the highest than anyone else. \" ...... The ring finger and little finger are not to be outdone, they all show their housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: See who can take it, whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they each flexed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball also made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought five fingers together? Five fingers went into battle, and as soon as they were gently picked, they were picked up. With five fingers, you look at me, I look at you, and smile embarrassedly. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: See who can take it, whoever has the most credit."}, {"nb": 949, "data": "Animal ears The ears of chickens grow behind the eyes, where there are a small number of protruding hairs, and behind the hairs are hidden its ears. Its ears have only a small hole, and the bugs cannot get in, and the rain does not get wet. The dog's ears are very large, can stand up, and can turn back and forth, so it can hear sounds in all directions. The squirrel's ears are fluffy and very big. It runs around in the woods all day long. With such big ears, you can protect your eyes from being stabbed by branches. Look, how funny the animal's ears are! Look, how funny the animal's ears are!"}, {"nb": 950, "data": "Rat meeting! One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse doesn't dare to go out all day. What can we do? King Rat thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together for a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. King Mouse suggested that everyone hang a bell on the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat comes out, the mice will know. But who can hang the bell? Everyone wants to come and go. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task. Unfortunately, the mouse Mimi was killed by the cat. Since then, the mouse is even more afraid of the cat. One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors."}, {"nb": 951, "data": "Big shoes swing A baby elephant is wearing four big shoes. Run and run. One of the shoes has a hole in it. The remaining three were useless, and \"thump flutter\" was thrown into the grass. Doodle bears, furry balls, and mouses play ball together on the grass. The ball rolled and rolled into the grass. The Baotou went to find it, but it was not found; the Maomao ball went to find it, but it was not found; the Dudu bear went to find it, but it was not found. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? So big and so round, there are three more. \"Whose shoes? Whose shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wanted. The Baotou put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing. It was really fun to go around. What does the doodle bear do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot and plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled mouse, the small swing of the furry ball, and the flower of the doodle bear, and opened his eyes in surprise: \"I didn't expect that my shoes could be made so much fun Something. \"Baby elephants also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled wheelbarrow, the small swing of the fur ball, and the flowers of the bear, and opened their eyes in surprise:\" I did not expect that my shoes could be made So many fun things."}, {"nb": 952, "data": "In the clear stream, there is a crooked stream in front of the bunny's house. The stream is clear and bright, and it can reflect the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened. The bunny walked and saw tall elephants and fat wild boars. They were breathing heavily, using all their strength to compete against a thick tree near the creek, and trying to compare who's strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as they ran, \"Hurry up! You loosened the soil, and the soil fell into the stream, and we have no more clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed, and he knew everything was wrong, so he planted the tree back together. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow."}, {"nb": 953, "data": "Yangmei Yangmei is round and covered with small thorns. When the bayberry matures, the small thorns are softened and flattened. Pick a bayberry and put it in your mouth. Each small spine smoothly flips in the tongue, making people feel delicate and soft. Yangmei was first red, then dark red, and finally almost black. It does not turn black because it is too red. As long as you bit it open gently, you can see the fresh red tender flesh. At this time, the lips and tongue were stained with bright red juice. Yangmei Yangmei is round and covered with small thorns."}, {"nb": 954, "data": "There is an old tailor in tailoring, and his business is particularly good in this shop. Once, a new official came to the store, and said with great vigor: \"Make a suit for me!\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and cut the front of the clothes longer than the back. .... The official said angrily, \"How to wear this kind of clothes?\" The old tailor ignored him. Wait for the clothes to be ready, and the officer will just wear them! The old tailor smiled and said, \"You have just become an officer, and you must walk with your chest up, so I made the front longer.\" The old tailor looked at the official, measured him, and put the front of the clothes. It was longer than the back ... The official said angrily, \"How do I wear this kind of clothes?"}, {"nb": 955, "data": "Watching the lanterns is the Lantern Festival today. After dinner, I followed my mother to the street to watch the lights. Along the way, all kinds of small lanterns are dizzying. Look, the colorful lights are as colorful as the little stars blinking and blinking. The white jade lights are even more striking. They rise into the sky like the moon in the sky and brighten the road. The colorful neon lights are bright and colorful, and the pedestrian street is beautifully decorated. What impressed me most was the lamps under several big trees. At the beginning, I was still thinking, it is still early spring. Why are the leaves on these big trees so green? Take a closer look and see that the light under the tree is green. The lights, green and green, were reflected on the big trees, and the leaves of the trees immediately became green, like a layer of jade. The lights, green and green, were reflected on the big trees, and the leaves of the trees immediately became green, like a layer of jade."}, {"nb": 956, "data": "Salt and paprika While Mrs. Fox was sleeping, she put a salt shaker in her arms and Mr. Fox asked her what was going on. Mrs. Fox said, \"When I dreamed of eating chicken last night, I didn't bring salt, and I ate too lightly and tastelessly.\" After a while, Mrs. Fox fell asleep, and Mr. Fox quickly replaced her salt shaker with a paprika bottle. \"Soon, Mrs. Fox fell asleep, and Mr. Fox quickly replaced her salt shaker with a paprika bottle."}, {"nb": 957, "data": "There is a sika deer and a golden monkey living in the forest than they are, and they both feel that they are more capable. Uncle Elephant said, \"I'll test you two. There is a fruit tree on the other side of the river, and the tree is full of fruit. Whoever of you picks the fruit first, even if you are good at it.\" Sika thought: \"I run fast, I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The golden monkey thought,\" I have the best ability to pick fruit from the tree. I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The game began. The sika deer hurried forward, and with a light jump, they crossed the stream. He ran under the fruit tree in a hurry, thinking proudly, \"I'm still good at it.\" But the fruit tree was too high, and he jumped and jumped. At this time, the golden monkey was blocked by the river and couldn't cross the river. It was in a hurry to turn around. Uncle Elephant came over and said, \"If you think of a way, you can pick the fruit.\" They understood at once. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream. The golden monkey soon climbed up the tree and picked the fruits. Together they gave the fruits to the elephant uncle. Uncle Elephant asked: \"Who are you capable of?\" Sika deer and golden monkey. Look at me, look at you, and laugh. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream."}, {"nb": 958, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. Butterflies fly over, bees fly over, and they all admire and say, \"What an amazing little bug!"}, {"nb": 959, "data": "Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset. One day, the ants climbed into the tree to find food, and they encountered bees in the flowers. The ant asked, \"Bee, do you say I'm hard-working or hard-working?\" The bee said, \"You, like me, are busy all day.\" The ant asked, \"Why do people just praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: \" Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \"Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset."}, {"nb": 960, "data": "My daddy My daddy is tall and big, with white skin, thick arms and legs, and a big belly, very strong. Dad likes to laugh. When he smiles, he looks like a child and looks very cute. Dad always says that his hair is getting less and less, but I don't think it's getting much less. It's still the same as before. Dad likes to laugh like a child. Both mother and I love father very much. When Dad's shoulder hurts, my mother and I often massage my dad; Dad comes home late from work, and I rush to help my mother to cook hot meals for Dad, and Dad smiles and praises me: \"Good boy!\" Dad came home late from work, I rushed to help my mother cook hot meals for my dad, and my dad boasted with a smile: \"Good boy!"}, {"nb": 961, "data": "The kitten, the puppy, and the pig are drawing together. The little cat drew a sun, a house, and a big tree with a bird on it. It said to the piglet, \"Look, I can draw anything!\" Piglet said, \"You're so smart.\" But the puppy said, \"Can you paint the wind? The wind can't be seen or touched. No one can draw it.\" The kitten took the pen and tapped her lips gently, blinked, and thought for a while, and said, \"I can!\" It was right next to the sun, and a white cloud was drawn on the house, saying, \"White clouds float in the sky, Didn't it let the wind blow? The wind, it was drawn! \"It was right next to the sun, and a white cloud was painted on the house, saying,\" Isn't the white cloud floating in the sky?"}, {"nb": 962, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, Beijing City is full of lights. They are beautiful and beautiful. Vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing with lights, shuttles between them; the street lights on both sides are high, shining, like soldiers standing on guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and people under the lights must be eating or reading, watching TV, Chat, the children must be playing or doing their homework; the bustling mall is lit with lights, the bustling crowds come in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit with lights. People inside must be seriously reading books or searching for information. The Central Television Tower is dressed in colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colored clothes. Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the city of Beijing at night. It is so peaceful, beautiful, and prosperous. The bustling mall is lit with lights, the bustling crowds come in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile;"}, {"nb": 963, "data": "What is the Earth Hi, I am sitting in a spaceship to heaven to see what the Earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, and it was covered in flower clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert where the yellow sand is flying. It is like the waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-covered South Pole and the North Pole. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, and it was covered in flower clothes."}, {"nb": 964, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. The bunny thought for a while, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself, \"I heard that after the fox died, his mouth was always open."}, {"nb": 965, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" One of the elderly said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love."}, {"nb": 966, "data": "The technique of soilless cultivation is remarkable. Technologists dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water. On the way home, I can't help thinking: With the advanced science and technology, the changes in agriculture are really great! Technologists dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water."}, {"nb": 967, "data": "A few days ago, my mother gave me and my sister a big pomegranate. Pomegranate is not good-looking. It does not have the rosy and smooth appearance of apples, which makes people look envious; it also does not have the seductive aroma of pineapples, which makes people smell covetous. It has only a layer of rough yellow skin, rustic in nature, and a crack on it, like a grinning grin. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. Mom told me that it is where the pomegranate blooms. I opened the yellow layer of pomegranate: Ah! Inside are all very beautiful seeds like crystal beads. They're crowded tightly and they're full. They look really good. The seeds are eaten in the mouth, sweet and sour, really smelling! My sister and I like to eat very much. My mother said to us: \"Do n\u2019t you just see its seeds look good and delicious, you ca n\u2019t see the rustic peel in the soil, hi, it is also a traditional Chinese medicine for diarrhea!\" Eating pomegranate, listening to my mother, I Understood: Everything must not only look at its appearance. Although pomegranates are not beautiful in appearance, they are useful from the inside out. Although pomegranates are not beautiful in appearance, they are useful from the inside out."}, {"nb": 968, "data": "Music therapy Uncle Niu is old and often suffers from insomnia. His children sent him to the music hospital. Uncle Niu was lying on the bed and closed his eyes. After a while, soft music sounded in the ward. Uncle Niu listened and he went to sleep. As soon as he woke up, the nurse lark came in and asked, \"Are you sleeping well?\" Uncle Niu said happily, \"I haven't slept beautifully for a long time. What magic did you do to me?\" \"What magic is there?\" Yeah, it \u2019s the music's help. Music relaxes the nerves, promotes the normal work of the blood vessels and endocrine system, and has a curative effect on various diseases! \"After a while, soft music sounded in the ward."}, {"nb": 969, "data": "Interesting sun and moon shells There is an interesting shell in the sea near the Xisha Islands in China. It has two round shells, one facing down to the bottom of the sea, one who doesn't see sunlight in adulthood, is white and white, like the moon; the other is upward, often shining in sunlight, red and red, like the sun. People call it \"Sun Moon Bay\". When the sun and the moon were swimming, the two shells quickly joined one by one, drained forward, and swam as fast as a bird, so someone called it a \"flying shell.\" It has two round shells, one facing down to the bottom of the sea. It can't see sunlight in adulthood. It is white and white like the moon;"}, {"nb": 970, "data": "The size of the cow Two ants argue about the size of the cow. One ant climbed to the hooves of the cow and said, \"A cow is not much bigger than a bowl.\" Another ant climbed to the horns said, \"No, the cow is curved, about the same length as a cucumber.\" The cow heard it and smiled. He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" The two ants crawled around the cow, and for a while they hadn't crawled through the whole body of the cow. They said, \"The bull is so tall!\" The size of the bull Two ants argue about the size of the bull."}, {"nb": 971, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, it's so useful! The scale is the \"bone\" of the fish exposed outside the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor, which has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent bacteria in the water from attacking it. The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter. Fish scales grow slower and darker in the winter; fish scales grow faster and lighter in the summer. The shapes of fish scales are also different. They are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped! The shapes of fish scales are also different. They are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped!"}, {"nb": 972, "data": "Why don't bats go to the meeting? In the big forest, there are all kinds of birds. They choose the peacock as the bird king. Bats also live in this forest. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came. It said happily: \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, you will come too!\" \"Me?\" Bat said with a smile, \"How can I attend your bird convention? I am a beast!\" \"You are Beast? The beasts I saw were all crawling on the ground. You have wings and can fly in the sky, are n\u2019t they like us? \u201dThe peacock was angry, and the bat hurriedly explained,\u201c My wings are different from yours .Look, there are no feathers on it! \"The bat opened its wings to show the peacock. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather. Suddenly \"squeaked\" for a while, the peacock took a closer look. It turned out that the little bat was crying. It was lying in the arms of her mother and was breastfeeding! The peacock is very strange. The bat said, \"Look, this is where we are different from you! My children were born as little bats. They all grew up eating my milk. Your birds are all eggs and hatched birds. Besides We still have teeth, and you don't have them! \"\" Oh! I'm wrong, sorry! \"Peacock said, flapping his wings and flying back. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came."}, {"nb": 973, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat drifted forward. The little tortoise was happy to probe his head: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. Duckling hurried to chase after him: \"I want it, I want it!\" But after a lot of effort, I couldn't hold the straw hat. They fought with straw hats in disagreement. Xian Hefei said, \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. It's not good to give back to anyone who loses it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" Fly away with a straw hat. Xian He flew up and said, \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. Whoever loses something should return it to him."}, {"nb": 974, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bee is really hardworking and came to the garden early in the morning to collect nectar. It flies in and out of flowers to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee, \"Let's take a break, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"It's noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big flower clock here Ah! \"The bee glanced around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower pan. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one kind of flower was opening. Lark said: \"This kind of flower is called noon flower. She only blooms at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!\" The bee asked: \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory usually blooms at four, rose at five, rose at 6 o'clock, peony at seven, lotus At eight o'clock, at ten o'clock is Banzhilian. \"\" Without an alarm clock, the circadian clock in their bodies wakes them up! \"\" I have learned another way to master time! \"Said the bee happily. The lark said: \"This flower is called 'Noon Flower'. She only blooms at noon. Of course she is blooming now at noon!"}, {"nb": 975, "data": "Little friend, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on campus. I quietly closed the water pipe. The water pipe said: \"Thank you, boy! On the grass, the plastic bag is so compressed that the grass is too tight. I bent down and picked up the plastic bag. Xiao Cao said: Children, thank you! By the side of Xiao Tang, a group of children are catching slugs. I urge them to put them back quickly. I said: \"Thank you, my little friend! A small tree has been peeled off by the side of the road, and I immediately wrapped it with a cloth strip.\" Xiaoshu said: Thank you, my friend! On the grass, the plastic bag is so compressed that I can't breathe the grass. I bent down and picked up the plastic bag."}, {"nb": 976, "data": "My little paradise This summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, asparagus, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught a lot of small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once."}, {"nb": 977, "data": "The hands of Grandpa Earth and the little monkey and bunny are good friends. One day, they were playing under the tree, jumping, singing, so happy! After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches.\" Yeah, the peaches on the tree are big and red. They must be delicious. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick some peaches for us, okay?\" The father monkey didn't answer, and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves. The little rabbit said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!\" The monkey father smiled and said, \"Don't thank me, this is the help of Grandpa Earth.\" The little monkey felt strange: \"How can Grandpa Earth help?\" Little Rabbit also said : \"Yeah, how can Grandpa Earth help? He has no hands.\" Grandpa Earth spoke: \"No, I have a hand, and I have a lot of strength, so that ripe peaches can fall down, and they can be kicked. The football in the air fell ... my hand is the gravity that you can't see. \"Grandpa Earth had just finished, and a few peaches fell from the tree again. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick us some peaches?"}, {"nb": 978, "data": "Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child. On the white paper, a sun was drawn with a ballpoint pen, shining on a small house. There was a stream in front of the small house, and a tall tree. A few strokes sketched a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who passes by here will stop and carefully look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. Not only did they look at this picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind child through this picture. Not only did they look at this picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind child through this picture."}, {"nb": 979, "data": "Cry in the rain. Will it cry in the light of rain? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why does the little girl cry? Light rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad. Her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl 's tears continued to flow after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Xiao Yu cried in the little girl 's tears. \"Eh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I'm drizzle!\" Drizzle cried, \"Because you can't see anything, I'm sad for you!\" \"Thank you, drizzle!\" The little girl smiled, \"I don't Cry, do n\u2019t cry! Listen, there are so many raindrops laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughed and sang with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears dried up, and the raindrops disappeared, and she had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-colored raindrops, and came to the girl \u2019s eyes, and the girl saw it, and was very happy La! The little girl \u2019s tears dried up, and the raindrops disappeared, and she had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-colored raindrops, and came to the girl \u2019s eyes, and the girl saw it, and was very happy La!"}, {"nb": 980, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. Then the monkey knew he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself, \"It's not right to believe others. It's easier to be deceived by others!\" Then the monkey knew that he was fooled by the fox. Say, \"It's not right to not believe others, and it's easier to be deceived if you believe others."}, {"nb": 981, "data": "The ants and tadpoles are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have sweats on their backs and pulls. When several crickets saw it, they all laughed. The ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to enjoy the cool, some sing, some sleep, and all were free. When winter is here, the northwest wind blows whistling, and the ants lie in a hole full of grain for the winter. You are cold and hungry, and you don't look good anymore. When several crickets saw it, they all laughed. The ant was a fool."}, {"nb": 982, "data": "Spiders in flower clothes The spiders have been wearing gray clothes for generations. The old spider always warned the little spider: Although this kind of clothes is not good-looking, it is easy to hide and not easy to be found by prey. If you want to have a full stomach, don't worry about dressing yourself up handsomely. If you want to be beautiful, you must have a party like the butterfly. The spiders all listened to their elders, and for generations, they wore unshakable clothes and kept on the net we woven. They looked forward to the prey of thick branches and leaves. However, beauty is indeed too seductive. One day, a few spiders resolutely took off their gray clothes and put on colorful dresses. All the flowering branches fluttered, so unhappy. The old spider with lessons hastened to warn the remaining spiders: \"Kids, don't learn from them! They are so flaunting, sure to lose! You just wait and see!\" But the old spider's words did not come true. Not only are the spiders in flower clothes not hungry, they also catch more bugs than other spiders. Because there are many beautiful bugs in the forest, treat their flowers and clothes as blooming flowers! The spiders all listened to their elders, and for generations, they wore unshakable clothes and kept on the net we woven. They looked forward to the prey of thick branches and leaves."}, {"nb": 983, "data": "It's snowing, it's snowing again! It snowed and the snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It snowed, and the snow padded a terry jacket on the branch. It snowed and snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. It snowed and the snow put on the school playground. Mai laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, the playground also laughed ... it snowed, and the snow put a coat on the school's playground."}, {"nb": 984, "data": "Little grass baby In our campus, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, Sister Feng blows gently, and the baby grass nods, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 985, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil."}, {"nb": 986, "data": "June 18th is the birthday of the bunny, and many small animals congratulate it. Little goats give vegetables, calves give milk, little monkeys give peaches, little chickens give bugs, little cats give fish. Let 's sing together and wish happy birthday to the rabbits. June 18th is the birthday of the bunny, and many small animals congratulate it."}, {"nb": 987, "data": "One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone. They are better than running. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up. The cock proudly said to the ducks, \"You can believe that I am great!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swims fast and steadily. The cock is covered with water and almost drowns. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, my ability is great.\" No one is convinced by them. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, I am quite capable."}, {"nb": 988, "data": "Four wishes Mi Jia and her companions finished the snow battle and went skating on the lake again. Her face was flushed, and she said happily to her father, \"Winter is fun, and I wish it would always be winter!\" My father said, \"Write down your wishes!\" Mi Jia wrote down her first wish. Here comes spring, Mi Jia is chasing colorful butterflies on the green grass. She cheerfully said to her father, \"Spring is so beautiful, I hope it will always be spring!\" The father took out a small book and let Mi Jia write down a second wish. It is summer . Mi Jia and his father went to the suburbs, catching small fish, picking mushrooms, and turning their heads in the shade, they had a great time. She said to her father with satisfaction: \"Summer is great, I wish that summer would never pass!\" Mi Jia wrote this wish in a small book again. In autumn, there were many fruits in the orchard. Mi Jia helped his father to pick off the red apples, and helped grandma to carry a basket of grapes home. She excitedly said to her father, \"Autumn is better than any season!\" My father took out a small book and showed it to Mi Jia. Winter, spring, and summer, she said the same. \"Mi Jia took note of her first wish."}, {"nb": 989, "data": "Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to stop on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red paws hold the reeds tightly. Its color is very bright, and the feathers on its head are like an olive-colored turban, embroidered with emerald green patterns. The feathers on the back are like a light green coat, and the feathers on the abdomen are like an auburn shirt. It is small and exquisite. Underneath a pair of translucent and flexible eyes, there are a pair of pointed and long mouths. The kingfisher's song is crisp, and love flies against the water. In a blink of an eye, he stopped lightly on the reed stalk. It watched motionlessly at the water surface with microwaves, waiting for the small fishes to swim up to the water surface. Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to stop on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red paws hold the reeds tightly."}, {"nb": 990, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the greatest, and the sun is my name."}, {"nb": 991, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! I make your windmill spin!"}, {"nb": 992, "data": "Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors. In the morning, the rabbit borrowed a pot from the rooster. The cock said, \"Don't borrow it.\" In the afternoon, the duck asked the cock to help pick water. The cock said, \"Don't go.\" In the evening, there was a sudden strong wind and heavy rain. The roof of the rooster was blown off by the strong wind, and he was so anxious that he barked and jumped. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, and the roof was repaired. The cock looks at the repaired roof, and then the rabbit and duck, and the cock blushes. Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors."}, {"nb": 993, "data": "June 1 is Children's Day. On this day, colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children 's faces came to the school cheerfully. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all of our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland."}, {"nb": 994, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest gave me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, which is a white cloud. The blue sky called for me to use white clouds as wings and turn into a flying white dove ... the sea gave me a blue greeting card, which was a blue shell. The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ... The sun sent me a red greeting card, which was the red glow of twinkles. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland! The sea gave me a blue greeting card. It was a blue shell."}, {"nb": 995, "data": "During the summer vacation, my father took me to travel by plane. On the plane, through the window, I saw the blue sky and the white clouds. The plane flew higher and higher, flying higher than the white clouds. After getting off the plane, we took a tourist bus and came to the foot of the mountain to find that the early people had started to climb the mountain. My dad and I hurried to climb the mountain. We climbed to the middle of the mountain and saw a group of monkeys. The little monkey saw us, ran over, reached out his hand, and asked us for something to eat. We looked down on the top of the mountain and saw that the people on the path down the mountain were very small and very small, and they became a dwarf country. What a fun! I like to travel . During the summer vacation, my father took me to travel by plane."}, {"nb": 996, "data": "In the evening, Sister Feng came quietly. On the hillside, grass, leaves, and various beautiful butterflies danced cheerfully. The younger sister Feng kept jumping with them. After a while, Sister Feng came to the woods, and her little mouth blew gently, and the petals fell down. It seemed as if it had rained white, pink, and lilac-ah! It is petal rain. Sister Feng quietly drifted into the small courtyard, and there was a baby sleeping in the courtyard. Sister Feng gently stroked him, and the baby was sleeping sweetly. Sister Feng gently stroked him, and the baby was sleeping sweetly."}, {"nb": 997, "data": "One day, the friends were playing hide and seek. The little monkey shouted, \"Have a snake, run away!\" He ran as soon as he turned. Little friends are running behind. Only the little hedgehog is not afraid and bites the snake's tail tightly. The little hedgehog swelled, bowed his back, and the spikes of his whole body stood up. Numerous small holes were punctured in the snake's body, struggling for a few times, and the last movement was motionless. The little monkey shouted, \"There are snakes, run away!"}, {"nb": 998, "data": "White mushrooms thunder, a shower, and beautiful woods with water pearls. A big mushroom was drilled out of the green and lovely grass. The whole body of the big mushroom is white and snowy, fresh and smooth like the petals of a pear flower. The round head looks like an open umbrella, and it looks like a stand on a pillar. The golden sun shone on it, twinkling with radiance. Wow ! What a beautiful white mushroom. The praying mantis jumped up and said loudly, \"I will play a big knife under the white mushroom, and I will not get sweaty.\" The white mushroom cried, \"Don't! Don't! What do you do with a big knife that hurts me?\" Gently said, \"The white mushroom is timid, don't scare it. Practice the knife beside me!\" The praying mantis lowered its head and walked away. I ran over and shouted, \"I want to stand on the top of white mushrooms and sing. What a beautiful stage!\" White mushrooms cried, \"No, no! What do you do if you step on it?\" Qing Cao said enthusiastically: \"Come, stand on my green leaves and sing!\" \u87cb\u87c0 blinked, and left. The little ant came over and said, \"At night, I sat under the big umbrella of the white mushroom and listened to the music played by the children. The dew wouldn't wet my clothes.\" The white mushroom pouted and said, \"No Well! No one is allowed to approach me. \"Everyone looked at the white mushroom in astonishment, silent. Qing Cao said enthusiastically, \"Come, stand on my green leaves and sing!\""}, {"nb": 999, "data": "Gift The earth's favorite person is its mother. Who is the earth's mother? It is the sun. Once, Earth suddenly missed Mother Sun, and it thought, \"Mother Sun is so kind to me. From the time I was born to now, it has cared for me so much. I should give a gift to Mother Sun!\" But what? How about it? The earth thought for a long time and couldn't think of the results. In the end, it decided to ask Uncle Feng, because Uncle Feng has been to all over the world and has the widest knowledge. He will definitely help it solve this problem. Gift the earth's favorite person is its mother, who is the mother of the earth?"}, {"nb": 1000, "data": "In late autumn, the leaves are gradually yellow, and a breeze of wind blows. Yellow leaves slowly fall from the tree, just like many yellow butterflies fly down from the tree. I picked up a few leaves and carefully sandwiched them in the book. I know this is the shadow left by Aunt Qiu. In late autumn, the leaves are gradually yellow, and a breeze of wind blows. Yellow leaves slowly fall from the tree, just like many yellow butterflies fly down from the tree."}, {"nb": 1001, "data": "Summer night is so beautiful. Summer night is quiet in the park. As soon as the water lily closed her eyes in the pool, she was awakened by the weeping cry. She opened her eyes and saw that an ant was lying on a waterweed. The water lily asked: \"What's the matter with you, little ant?\" The little ant said, \"I accidentally fell into the pond and couldn't get on the shore!\" \"Come up!\" The water lily bent down and let him climb up. The little ant was very grateful, and said, \"Thank you, Aunt Water Lily.\" Go home. Otherwise, mom and dad will be anxious. \"Their words were heard by the dragonfly resting on the water lily leaf. He asked: \"Girl Water Lily, is there anything wrong?\" \"The little ant wants to go home, but I can't send him.\" The dragonfly said, \"Let me come and send the little ant!\" Can you do that? \"At this moment, a firefly came and said,\" I'll light up for you. \"The little ant climbed up the\" airplane \"and the dragonfly took off. The firefly lit a little lantern in the front. The dragonfly flew, flew over the green rockery, flew over the green lawn, flew to a flowerbed, and the little ant arrived home. When the stars saw it, they blinked happily. Ah, what a beautiful summer night! \"Their words were heard by the dragonflies resting on the leaves of water lilies."}, {"nb": 1002, "data": "At daybreak, the bird woke up and sang sternly: \"Dewdrops, crystal clear. Like little pearls, hanging on the grass.\" The sun heard, and said, \"What is the dewdrop? Let me see.\" The sun opened her eyes and looked hard at the grass, but saw nothing. The sun froze, \"Oh, where's the dewdrop? Where did it go?\" The sun heard it and said, \"What is the dewdrop?\""}, {"nb": 1003, "data": "Everyone knows that the city is the busiest! However, it is very lively under the ground in the city. Let 's look at the subway in all directions to transport people from here to there. Under the river in the city, there is also a long tunnel across the river, where one car is driven. There are even more pipes. The power lines, gas, and water pipes are all underneath. Under the city, there are hospitals, garages, playgrounds ... how about it? Is the city underground lively? The power lines, gas, and water pipes are all underneath."}, {"nb": 1004, "data": "Mom and Dad are as tall as a big mountain. Mom is as gentle as water. I am like a little fish playing between mountains and water. I love my home, I love dad and mom. Let love live in my house forever. I love my home, I love dad and mom."}, {"nb": 1005, "data": "I grew up on Sunday. Mom and Dad went to visit Uncle Tao's house. My dad said anxiously, \"Let \u2019s go visit, what do you do?\" I quickly said, \"You can rest assured, I will take care of myself.\" When it was time to cook, I learned to be a mother and left the pot On the stove, then pour a bit of cold water and cover the pot. After a while, steam \"fluttered\" from under the lid. When I opened the lid and looked at it, a burst of heat rushed on. The water in the pot was tumbling up and down, bubbling bubblingly. There was a tense in my heart, and I quickly poured the cold rice down, and \"hot\", hot water splashed to the ground, I hurried back, almost burning. The water splashed on the grate quickly dried up, and everything was calm again. I picked up the spoon and put it in the pot, stirred it a few times, and added a little MSG, salt, pickles, and a few more times. The fragrance smelt out, and the rice bowl was finally cooked. At this time, my mother came back and saw me the fragrant rice bowl and praised me continuously. But I proudly said, \"I'm grown up, and I can help you do more things in the future.\" I opened the lid and took a look, and a burst of heat rushed on."}, {"nb": 1006, "data": "Happy little snail I am a happy little snail. My shell is my house, and I carry it in the green fields every day. There are tender green grasses, sweet dew, and dragonflies and butterflies to accompany me to play. My favorite is rainy day, because the humid environment makes me feel particularly comfortable. After the rain is fine, children often see me when they go out to play. At this time, I may drink dew slowly on the blade of grass, stretch my waist on the ground and breathe the fresh air, or I may stand on the sunflower and enjoy the scenery in the distance ... I like my life very much. Once I climbed to the tree with difficulty, and saw a park not far away, with bright flowers, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children. The children are playing happily and chasing each other, and there is a continuous stream of laughter. I thought secretly: Although I climb very slowly, I must try hard to climb. If I can play with the children in the park, I will be happier! Once I climbed to the tree with difficulty, and saw a park not far away, with bright flowers, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children."}, {"nb": 1007, "data": "Father of the hippocampus Father of the hippocampus and mother of the hippocampus are about to have children. The hippocampus father has a large childcare bag on the belly wall. The mother of the hippocampus lays the young eggs in the childcare bag of the father of the hippocampus. After the little seahorse grew up, he left his father 's nursery bag and played happily on the colorful sea floor. After the little seahorse grew up, he left his father 's nursery bag and played happily on the colorful sea floor."}, {"nb": 1008, "data": "Xiao He Healing Xiao He loves to be clean and everyone likes it very much. One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the river water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin, and flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner. The little rabbit asked strangely, \"Hey, what's the matter with you?\" Xiao He was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Is Xiaohe ill?\" Rabbit thought to her, or hurry up and see the wood doctor, Woodpecker! Here comes the woodpecker, and he takes a closer look and says, \"Your friends have stained the river, please find them for treatment Rule it! \"When the little rabbit heard it, he quickly brought the lamb, the puppy, and the pig. Everyone looked blushed, and quickly said to Sorry I was sorry. It turned out that they poured dirty things into the stream. How could the stream not get sick? \"Xiaohe was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word."}, {"nb": 1009, "data": "Mishutka and Stasik sat on a bench in a small garden and chatted. They are different from other children in chatting, and they talk about big talk and falsehood, as if they are the most bizarre to see who is speaking. \"How old are you?\" Mishutka asked. \"Ninety-five. What about you?\" \"I'm 140 years old.\" Mishutka said, \"Do you know, I used to be as tall as Uncle Boria, but only later became so short? Now, Stasik said immediately, \"Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult later.\" \"I was able to swim across the river.\" Misut Card added. \"Huh, you can swim across the river, I can swim across the sea.\" \"What's so amazing about the sea! I can swim across the ocean!\" \"I used to fly!\" \"Don't brag, you fly me \"\" Not now, I forgot how to fly. \"\" What's so amazing about the sea! \""}, {"nb": 1010, "data": "Dad is a big tree, and mom is a big tree. I am a happy bird, flying between two big trees. Dad is a big tree, and mom is a big tree."}, {"nb": 1011, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. \"Isn't this obviously ice? How does the lion king say it is water?"}, {"nb": 1012, "data": "The girl Qiuer was still screaming vigorously, and she knew her voice was dumb. Everyone looked forward to it. She finally came. She flew down from the high blue sky with the wild geese. Burning torches are dancing in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kiss each apple face in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple tree ... Girl Qiu traveled all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red, and each of them was filled with our laughter. The girl Qiu has traveled all over our hometown. Her footprints are yellow and red, and every footprint is filled with our laughter."}, {"nb": 1013, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely."}, {"nb": 1014, "data": "Rainy night tick! Tick \u200b\u200b\u2014\u2014 light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang \u2014\u2014 bang bang \u2014\u2014! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang \u2014\u2014! Someone is knocking at the door. \"Ruby, are you home?\" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. \"Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!\" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. \"Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!\" Totti said cheerfully. \"But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain.\" Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. \"Oh! No no no, look-\" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, \"We can listen to the rain and sing together!\" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the small room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain and sang happily: \"Let's listen to the rain together, ticking, it's so nice ...\" The raindrop outside the window was singing a cheerful song."}, {"nb": 1015, "data": "How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic films for walls and roofs to shield them from the wind and rain, and to absorb sunlight. In addition, they need to be heated to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the midwinter years, people can still cultivate summer vegetables. How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables."}, {"nb": 1016, "data": "The mother of plants has a way. The mother of dandelions prepared a parachute and gave it to her doll. As long as the wind blows gently, the children set off in the wind. Xan's mother has a good idea. She puts her child on a barbed armor. As long as the animal 's fur is hung up, the children can go to the fields and mountains. The mother pea has a better way. She let the pods bask in the sun. With a pop, the pods exploded, and the children jumped away from their mother. As long as the wind blows gently, the children set off in the wind."}, {"nb": 1017, "data": "My sister gave me a pair of little turtles. I named them Tintin and Dongdong. They live together every day, get along well and never fight. Tintin has short arms and legs, but he is very flexible. Dong Dong's eyes are very bright and sacred, just like wearing a pair of glasses, really like a little doctor. Every day, I have to let them play on the balcony. Tintin is very naughty. He always likes to climb to Dong Dong's back and bask in the sun. He tanned his back, turned over again, and turned his belly up into the sky. It looked very fun. It is rare that Dong Dong is not angry at all. They are really good friends! They are cute and timid. As long as I am teasing them with a small stick, they will scare their heads into their shells and dare not come out for a long time. I really like these two little turtles. My sister gave me a pair of little turtles. I named them Tintin and Dongdong."}, {"nb": 1018, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother."}, {"nb": 1019, "data": "As soon as the tulips in Meiyuan entered Meiyuan, the flowers of various colors nodded and said hello to us. The grass seemed more vibrant in the drizzle. Going forward, there is a picture scroll in front of us. The float is connected to the float, and the flower bed is connected to the flower bed. We are immersed in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers, the most beautiful of which is the tulip. How many colors of tulips! There are fiery reds, there are golden ones, there are snow-white ones ... it's all colors. The blooming tulips, one by one, clumps, and pieces, you are next to me, and I am next to you, in the drizzle blooming more joyfully. I leaned down and looked closely at the tulip. Its flowers really looked like a lovely little wine glass, standing on a straight flower stem. The wide green leaves of the tulips are facing the sky, and even the flowers are facing the sky. It seems that the fairies who have fallen from the sky are looking forward to which day they can return to the kingdom of heaven. Blowing slightly, thousands of tulips swayed in the wind, like dancing in fairy costumes. The scent of the tulips is not strong, but as soon as you get closer to the smell, bursts of fragrance will come out. Ah, the tulips are so beautiful! It is indeed the national flower of the Netherlands! How many colors of tulips!"}, {"nb": 1020, "data": "My daddy My daddy is tall and big, with white skin, thick arms and legs, and a big belly, very strong. Dad likes to laugh. When he smiles, he looks like a child and looks very cute. Dad always says that his hair is getting less and less, but I don't think it's getting much less. It's still the same as before. Dad likes to laugh like a child. Both mother and I love father very much. When Dad's shoulder hurts, my mother and I often massage my dad. When Dad comes home late from work, I rush to help mom to cook hot meals for Dad, and Dad smiles and praises me: \"Good boy!\" And mom often massage dad;"}, {"nb": 1021, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is big and heavy at first, and it \u2019s even heavier with satellites or something. So I had to be sent to the sky by a rocket. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I was able to fly into space orbit by myself and keep flying around the earth. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can taxi and land on my own like an airplane, so I can reuse it instead of scrapping it like a rocket just once. So I had to be sent to the sky by a rocket. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I was able to fly into space orbit by myself and keep flying around the earth."}, {"nb": 1022, "data": "Little goldfish There are three little goldfishes in my family. They are all different and have their own characteristics. I also gave them names, such as the smallest one called \"Little Little\". It has two colors on its body: red and white. Its mouths are closed one by one and it keeps blowing bubbles. what ! It doesn't need bubble water! The goldfish's ears are so small that they can hardly be seen. Look at the tail of \"little little\", swing it back and forth, shake it back and forth. \"Well, doesn't it sleep?\" You ask. No, it sleeps, but it has no eyelids, and can only sleep with its eyes open. Little goldfish is usually slow-moving, but sometimes it can be very fast. For example, once you hit the fish tank, the small goldfish will quickly swim to the bottom of the water. Little goldfish eating is fun! Put the fish food into the water, and the small goldfish will swim quickly and open its mouth to eat. If the fish food is \"blowing\" bubbles in the mouth, the fish food will fall out of its mouth, but the small goldfish will still swallow half of the fish food. I like little goldfish very much. Put the fish food into the water, and the small goldfish will swim quickly and open its mouth to eat."}, {"nb": 1023, "data": "The little hen planted rice one day, and the little hen found some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Would you like to grow rice with me?\" Said the duckling. \"It's too hard to grow rice. I'm afraid to bend over!\" The hen had to grow rice herself. When the seedlings were tall, the little hen asked the kitten, \"Would you like to weed with me?\" The kitten said, \"The weed is too hard. I'm afraid of foaming in the hands!\" The little hen had to weed itself. When the rice is ripe, the little hen asks the piglet: \"Would you like to collect rice with me?\" The piglet said, \"It's too hard to collect rice. I'm afraid I'll get covered with dirt!\" The little hen had to collect the rice herself. The little hen made the rice into rice to make sweet and sweet white rice. To the duckling, the duckling lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"We will grow rice with you next year!\" She asked the duckling, \"Would you like to grow rice with me?\""}, {"nb": 1024, "data": "The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains. The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on the earth. Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful! The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains."}, {"nb": 1025, "data": "Why is the horse's face long and the cat's face round? The horse is a herbivore. To facilitate the grinding of the grass, a row of molars has been grown, so that the face becomes longer. Cats are carnivores. They do not grind molars for food, so their jaws must be strong so they can withstand chewing over and over again. In order to support the sturdy chin, the cat's cheekbones are wide, strong, and muscular, with stretches on both sides. So the cat 's face is round. In order to support the sturdy chin, the cat's cheekbones are wide, strong, and muscular, with stretches on both sides."}, {"nb": 1026, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. The little white rabbit walked according to the sika deer, and she found her home."}, {"nb": 1027, "data": "I love autumn fields It 's autumn, and there are a few white clouds floating in the high sky. Under the blue sky, the wild geese flew south, and they were lined with \"one\" for a while, and \"people\" for a while. The maple leaves in the distance turned red, like a red cloud. Near was a golden paddy field, and Rice smiled and bent over. The autumn wind came and the fields were rolling with golden waves. There is an orchard beside the paddy field. In the orchard are red apples, Huang Chengcheng's pears, and red persimmons with branches. I love autumn fields. I love autumn fields."}, {"nb": 1028, "data": "Moonlight Tonight, I am very comfortable. I have eaten dinner and lay quietly on a chair on the balcony while enjoying the cool moonlight while enjoying the beautiful moonlight. In the soft moonlight, the river that had been running for a day calmed down. The moon was reflected on the river, and when the evening breeze blew, it shimmered like a ribbon of gemstones. The moonlight shrouded the earth in smoke and mist. Yueer is a kind and most emotional girl. Whoever has sorrow, she will look at you with compassion, share your sorrows, and even pull half a cloud of white to cover her crying face. Yue Er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds and hides and hides with the stars, and sometimes tells the stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blink. I like the moonlight like the night sky like water. Yue Er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds and hides and hides with the stars, and sometimes tells the stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blink."}, {"nb": 1029, "data": "I am a little snail and live in the field. I walk with my house on my back every day. I climb my tree on my back, play on my back, and look for food on my back. My house has no windows, and the sun never shines in. My home doesn't have tables and chairs, so I can only stay with myself. If you come to see me and there is no place for you to sit, I think it is better for me to go to you. I climb my tree on my back, play on my back, and look for food on my back."}, {"nb": 1030, "data": "The hands of Grandpa Earth and the little monkey and bunny are good friends. One day, they were playing under the tree, jumping, singing, so happy! After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches.\" Yeah, the peaches on the tree are big and red. They must be delicious. The little monkey said to the monkey father who was on the tree, \"Daddy, would you please pick some peaches for us, okay?\" The father monkey didn't answer, and didn't take any action. I saw a few peaches falling from the tree by themselves. The little rabbit said, \"Uncle Monkey, thank you!\" The monkey father smiled and said, \"Don't thank me, this is the help of Grandpa Earth.\" The little monkey felt strange: \"How can Grandpa Earth help?\" Little Rabbit also said : \"Yeah, how can Grandpa Earth help? He has no hands.\" Grandpa Earth spoke: \"No, I have a hand, and I have a lot of strength, so that ripe peaches can fall down, and they can be kicked. The football in the air fell ... my hand is the gravity that you can't see. \"Grandpa Earth had just finished, and a few peaches fell from the tree again. After playing for a while, the little monkey said, \"Little rabbit, I invite you to eat peaches."}, {"nb": 1031, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. He writes on his sister 's paper."}, {"nb": 1032, "data": "I love autumn fields It 's autumn, and there are a few white clouds floating in the high sky. Under the blue sky, the wild geese flew south, and they were lined with \"one\" for a while, and \"people\" for a while. The maple leaves in the distance turned red, like a red cloud. Near was a golden paddy field, and Rice smiled and bent over. The autumn wind came and the fields were rolling with golden waves. There is an orchard beside the paddy field. In the orchard are red apples, Huang Chengcheng's pears, and red persimmons with branches. I love autumn fields. There is an orchard beside the rice field. There are red apples, yellow pears, and red persimmons hanging on the branches."}, {"nb": 1033, "data": "Why do hippos always soak in the water? Hippos are a mammal that lives in African lakes. If the hippopotamus does not stay in the water, the skin will dry out over time, so the hippopotamus always likes to soak in the water during the day and breathes his head out of the water. Hippos have thick subcutaneous fat and can float on the water effortlessly. Hippos are very good at diving. Ears and noses can be closed automatically to prevent water from entering. When a hippopotamus encounters an enemy, it can dive a few hundred meters away to avoid it. In the evening, it was cooler, and the hippopotamus came ashore to sleep, or went to find food to eat. Hippos are very good at diving. Ears and noses can be closed automatically to prevent water from entering."}, {"nb": 1034, "data": "Sound Kingdom I like dreaming. In the dream, the sound fairy took me into the magical sound kingdom. I walked into the first door of the Kingdom of Sound, and heard the sound of flowing water from sister Xiaohe, the gasp of Grandfather Wind \"wheezing\", the raining sound of the rain brother \"tick and tick\", and the thunder of \"Lei Bang\" Snoring \". I feel like I'm in nature. When I stepped into the second door of the Sound Kingdom, I heard the call of the bird \"\u5c0f\", the call of the dog \"Wang\", the call of the kitten \"Meow\", and the roar of the lion. I seem to be at the zoo. A sound of car horns led me to the third door. I seemed to be walking on the road. I heard the sound of bicycle \"tinkering,\" the sound of truck \"beeping\", the police car \"beeping\". It was dawn, the dream was awake, and the small alarm clock sang a song, urging me to go to school quickly. A sound of car horns led me to the third door. I seemed to be walking on the road. I heard the sound of bicycle \"tinkering,\" the sound of truck \"beeping\", the police car \"beeping\"."}, {"nb": 1035, "data": "Oranges Today, Dad bought a basket of oranges from the fruit store. I took one and took a closer look. Oranges are oblate and the size of my fist. The skin is orange. It has a skin, but it looks like a small lantern from a distance. Peeling the orange peel, a peculiar fragrance of oranges comes out. The orange skin is white, like the orange gauze covered with orange petals. The orange petals are crescent-shaped, like a crooked moon, and many orange petals sit together around several good brothers. Put a flap into your mouth, the juice overflows, nourishes the throat, flows into the belly, and sweetens the heart, making people eat more and more. The orange skin is white, like the orange gauze covered with orange petals."}, {"nb": 1036, "data": "The sky here on the prairie is especially blue and the air is especially fresh. White flocks take a leisurely walk on the green grass, just like the large white flowers embroidered on the green carpet. The shepherd rode on the galloping horse, waving the sheep's whip, and sang the beautiful idyll: \"White clouds float in the blue sky, and the horses run under the white clouds ...\" Ah, a vibrant scene on the beautiful prairie! White flocks take a leisurely walk on the green grass, just like the large white flowers embroidered on the green carpet."}, {"nb": 1037, "data": "The taste of the moon What is the taste of the moon? Is it sweet or salty? I really want to taste a small bite! At night, the animals looked at the moon and always thought so. However, no matter how much the neck, the hands, the legs are stretched, the moon cannot be reached. One day a little turtle was determined to touch the moon. Climbing to the top of the mountain, the moon was near. However, little turtles are still out of reach. The turtle called the elephant, \"Elephant, come on my back, maybe we can get it!\" Moon thought, \"Is this a game with me!\" The elephant's nose stretched up, and the moon was light Jump up to the ground. The elephant was out of reach. It called the giraffe. Then the giraffe called the zebra, the zebra called the lion, the lion called the fox, the fox called the monkey, and the monkey called the mouse. The moon looked at the mouse and thought, \"Such a little bit, I can't catch me.\" The moon was tired of playing, and it didn't move this time. Unexpectedly, \"click!\" The mouse bit a piece of moon. It gave the animals a bite of the moon, and everyone felt that this was the most delicious thing they had ever eaten. A small fish looked at all this, and couldn't understand why: \"Why do they have to work so hard to go to the high sky to pick the moon? Isn't there another one? Well, it's in the water, next to me.\" It gave the animals a mouthful of the moon, and everyone felt that this was the best thing they had ever eaten."}, {"nb": 1038, "data": "Where did the father-in-law go when it rained? The most change in the sky is the cloud. Sometimes it goes west, sometimes eastward; sometimes it looks good one by one, sometimes it can't find any shadows; sometimes a thin layer, like wearing a transparent gauze, sometimes black It was thick and covered the sky. When it rains, the clouds are thick and thick. Where does the father-in-law go to hide from the rain? At this time, if you get on an airplane and pass through the thick clouds, you will see that the sun is still shining on the clouds. It turns out that the father-in-law of the sun did not go to hide from the rain, but was blocked by the clouds! Sometimes the thin layer is like wearing a transparent gauze, but sometimes it is dark and thick, covering the whole sky."}, {"nb": 1039, "data": "The good companion bear is ill and is admitted to the hospital. The little companions come to visit him. The little monkey arrived and gave the bear a peach. The bee flew and gave the bear honey. The lark also flew in, and it brought a lovely song to the bear. The little bear was very moved, and said in a continuous voice: \"Thank you, thank you!\" The good friend, Little Bear, was sick and was admitted to the hospital. The little friends came to visit him."}, {"nb": 1040, "data": "I like rain. The rain of spring germinates the seeds, and the land is a pink willow green. The rain in summer bathed the ground and people felt cool. The rain of autumn put a golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible. It was like someone in the sky poured down a pot of water, washed out the road, and damaged the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people and sometimes brings disasters to people. Rain brings many benefits to people and sometimes brings disasters to people."}, {"nb": 1041, "data": "We have a lot of useful little animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let 's go and see the dragonfly first! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its body is thin and long, so slim. Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! You see, a little swallow is busy catching flying insects in the sky! The swallow wore a black tuxedo. The tail is like a small pair of scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it is flying low. Hey, hey, who is here? Oh, it's a little frog. It had a pair of big eyes and was wearing turquoise clothes and exposed white and white belly. It was lovely. It can eat thousands of pests a year. It is a good helper to protect the crops. There are many, many useful little animals around us! We must take good care of those lovely little lives! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight."}, {"nb": 1042, "data": "When the pony met the old goat on the road, he said to the old goat, \"Grandpa goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat got on the car happily. Before walking far, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. The pony said to them, \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and rabbit also jumped into the pony's car happily. Everyone said that Pony was really enthusiastic. \"The kittens and rabbits also jumped into the pony's car happily."}, {"nb": 1043, "data": "On the river, there was a small wooden bridge. After an elephant walked over it, the wooden bridge became an old ringing bridge. Every day, when the little animals walk on the bridge, they can hear nice songs. Below, the little river is singing, clapping; in the middle, the small wooden bridge is singing, creaking; above, the little bird is singing, babbling. It's so fun! One day, the elephant will cross the river again. The elephant stood by the bridge, listening to the song, \"I can't walk this bridge. If I walk over the bridge, the bridge that can sing will never sing again.\" On the river, there is a small wooden bridge After an elephant walked from above, the wooden bridge became an old ringing bridge."}, {"nb": 1044, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest gave me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, which is a white cloud. The blue sky called for me to use white clouds as wings and turn into a flying white dove ... the sea gave me a blue greeting card, which was a blue shell. The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ... The sun sent me a red greeting card, which was the red glow of twinkles. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland! The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ..."}, {"nb": 1045, "data": "The Penguin King Ice Lion lives in a hot Africa. Summer is here, and the Lion King keeps shouting, \"Hot, hot!\" Leopard said, \"I heard that there is something very cold and cold in Antarctica, called ice.\" The King Lion said, \"Is that right? Then I want to see what ice looks like. \"The Lion King immediately wrote a letter to the Antarctic penguin, asking the penguin to send a piece of ice. Many days later, the penguin received a letter. The penguin said, \"The King Lion wants a piece of ice? It's too easy. I'm here in snow and ice.\" The penguin picked up a special piece of ice, put it in a plastic bag, put it in a box, and sent it to the King Lion. The ice box was first boarded on a ship and then on a plane, because there is a long, long road from Antarctica to Africa. After many days, the lion king finally received the parcel. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Why, how is a bag of water in the box?\" The Lion King was very angry. He said to the postman, \"Return this parcel!\" He also put a piece of paper on the parcel. It said, \"I want you to send ice. Why are you sending water?\" After many more days, Penguin received the returned box. He quickly opened the box. The plastic bag in the box was still the square ice. \"Isn't it clear that it's ice? How did the lion king say it was water?\" The penguin was confused. When he opened the box and looked at it, he felt very strange, \"Well, how can the box hold a bag of water?"}, {"nb": 1046, "data": "Opening up the world It is said that a long time ago, the heaven and the earth were united together. It is boundless and looks like a big egg. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was conceived. One day, Pangu split the \"egg\" with his axe. In this way, light objects rise and become a high blue sky; heavy ones sink and become a vast land. Pangu was afraid that the heavens and the earth would come together, so he supported the heavens and earth with his hands and feet. Slowly, as Pangu grew longer and taller, the sky became higher and higher, and the ground became thicker and thicker. In the end Pangu spent 18,000 years to complete the ground-breaking task. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was conceived."}, {"nb": 1047, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole."}, {"nb": 1048, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest gave me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, which is a white cloud. The blue sky called for me to use white clouds as wings and turn into a flying white dove ... the sea gave me a blue greeting card, which was a blue shell. The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ... The sun sent me a red greeting card, which was the red glow of twinkles. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland! The sun sent me a red greeting card."}, {"nb": 1049, "data": "Recruitment Notice The little calf is so lonely that he wants to find a friend. He posted a \"recruitment notice\" in front of the bullpen, which said: \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, play together, bask in the sun, and learn to farm together. Who can Do the above, welcome to contact ... \"\" Solicitation of Friends \"has just been posted, and everyone is eager to see it. But the goats, the hounds, the cats, and the foals came one by one in excitement, one by one shaking their heads and leaving in disappointment. \"Well, the world is so big, why can't a friend be found?\" The calf complained to the old cow. After listening to the little calf, the old cow smiled and taught him a way. The next day, the little calf posted a \"recruitment note\": \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, or play with the sun, or learn to farm together. Who If you can do one of them, you are welcome to contact us ... \"As soon as the new\" Recruitment Notice \"was posted, the front of the bullpen became lively. Everyone surrounded the little calves. The goat said, \"Let me graze with you!\" The hound said, \"Let me play with you!\" The cat said, \"Let me accompany you to bask in the sun!\" The foal said, \"Let me study farming with you.\" \"After a while, the calf had many friends. The next day, the little calf posted a \"recruitment notice\": \"I want to find a friend.\""}, {"nb": 1050, "data": "All the small animals in the forest are willing to play with elephants. On Sunday, the fox saw the lamb, the rabbit and the duckling walking and joking, and was going to play at the elephant's house, and said, \"Why do you ignore me? The elephant has thick and large ivory, as thick as a bucket. Are n\u2019t you afraid of your legs? \u201dBunny replied,\u201c It \u2019s the enemy, you ca n\u2019t be too young, you ca n\u2019t be close; it \u2019s a friend, it \u2019s not too strong to be terrible. \u201d Aren't you afraid?"}, {"nb": 1051, "data": "The walls \"sweated\" This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the walls of my house were wet. Taking a closer look, it turned out that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these small drops of water come from? Does the wall sweat too? I thought it was weird, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"This is called the wall is still wet, because the weather is hot and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" The walls are wet. Will it be naive to rain? I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun had lost its former power, and the sun was not so bright. But there is no dark cloud in the sky. How could it rain? This weather lasted for two or three days, and it really rained. I finally understood: the walls \"sweat\" and it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster! Taking a closer look, it turned out that the walls were covered with small drops of water!"}, {"nb": 1052, "data": "The beautiful bear polluted the bear and planted a lot of flowers. The yard smelled fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot, but the bear said, \"My flowers are not for sale, I just give them away. Come to get the flowers on June 5th!\" June On the 5th, the bear carried a pot of potted flowers onto a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and give you a pot of flowers\" was inserted on it. The puppies understand that today is World Environment Day, and the bears are protecting the environment. I will also participate. Jingle bells, tricycles crossing alleys, crossing the street, the puppy ran and shouted: \"beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" When the kittens and rabbits heard it, they went out, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Monkey Grandma arrived with a basket of used batteries, the flowers had already been delivered. Monkey Grandma smiled and said, \"It doesn't matter. To care for the environment is to care for our lives.\" The puppy understands that today is World Environment Day, and the bear protects the environment I also want to participate."}, {"nb": 1053, "data": "The chicks and ducklings all day, the mother chicken called the chicks across the river to collect some mushrooms. When the chick came to the river, he remembered that he couldn't swim and was anxious to stamp his feet. What should I do? At this moment, the duckling came to this side, and he hurried over and said to the duckling, \"Duckling, I want to cross the river, can you let me sit on your back?\" The duckling said, \"No. You are too heavy, we will sink together. \"At this moment, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, he picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken,\" You can stand on the wooden board and slowly swim past it. .If you're scared, I'll accompany you. \"The chick stood on a wooden board across the river. On the shore, the chick said happily to the duckling, \"Thank you!\" The duckling said, \"No thanks.\" At this time, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken. : \"You can swim slowly on the board."}, {"nb": 1054, "data": "Story of Madam Curie as a Child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who studied very intently. No matter how noisy she is, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates were singing, dancing, and playing games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, she was reading a book intently. My sister and classmate want to test her. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria. As soon as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed minute by minute, Maria finished reading a book and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates have never teased her anymore, and have been studying and studying hard like Maria. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Madam Curie. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria. As soon as Maria moved, the stool would fall down."}, {"nb": 1055, "data": "Hua Luogeng guessed the book The famous mathematician Hua Luogeng read books differently. He got a book, and instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated. He guessed the layout of the book, and then opened the book after careful consideration. If the author's thinking was consistent with his own guess, he would no longer read it. Hua Luogeng's guessing method not only saves time in reading, but also cultivates his own thinking and imagination, so as not to make himself a slave to books. He got a book, and instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated."}, {"nb": 1056, "data": "Happy Grass Boy Jimmy 's mother has a farm, but Jimmy can't help her with some farm work. Because Jimmy is also very busy, he is busy looking for a kind of happy grass for his mother. That day, Jimmy met a rabbit. After listening to Jimmy's plan, the rabbit said, \"Don't look for this kind of grass. We eat this grass every day, but it doesn't bring us a sense of happiness. Help your mother to do more farm work That way, you will be happy. \"Jimmy thought the rabbit made sense, so he returned to his mother's farm to help his mother. Not only did Jimmy learn to weed on the farm, he also learned to raise sheep and grow vegetables. Jimmy 's mother said to Jimmy, \"My child, my mother is so happy with you!\" Jimmy smiled embarrassedly. He only knew now that happiness has always been in his heart. After listening to Jimmy's plan, the rabbit said, \"Don't look for this kind of grass. We eat this grass every day, but it doesn't bring us a sense of happiness. Help your mother to do more farm work. That way, you will be happy."}, {"nb": 1057, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. When the wind comes, the branches of the big tree spread out to protect the little bird's home;"}, {"nb": 1058, "data": "In some archipelagoes of Brazil and the Pacific, a \"bread\" tree grows. The bread tree is more than ten meters high, with thick trunks, lush foliage, and thick shades like a natural pergola. From July to November each year, round fruits will be produced on the tree. This fruit is as big as volleyball and as small as tennis. The fruit is green when tender and turns yellow when mature. A tree often has hundreds or thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread. From July to November each year, round fruits will be produced on the tree."}, {"nb": 1059, "data": "During the summer vacation, my father took me to travel by plane. On the plane, through the window, I saw the blue sky and the white clouds. The plane flew higher and higher, flying higher than the white clouds. After getting off the plane, we took a tourist bus and came to the foot of the mountain to find that the early people had started to climb the mountain. My dad and I hurried to climb the mountain. We climbed to the middle of the mountain and saw a group of monkeys. The little monkey saw us, ran over, reached out his hand, and asked us for something to eat. We looked down on the top of the mountain and saw that the people on the path down the mountain were very small and very small, and they became a dwarf country. What a fun! I like to travel . On the plane, through the window, I saw the blue sky and the white clouds. The plane flew higher and higher, flying higher than the white clouds."}, {"nb": 1060, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Go get it."}, {"nb": 1061, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!"}, {"nb": 1062, "data": "Little paper boat Little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the doorstep of his good friend Red Squirrel. But one day they quarreled and the little brown bear never gave a little paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear was very sad. He still folded the small paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat that the little brown bear had given him before and made him drift to the door of the little brown bear's house. They soon made up again. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat that the little brown bear had given him before and made him drift to the door of the little brown bear's house."}, {"nb": 1063, "data": "Little grass baby 's green clothes In our school, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In the spring, the baby in the grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl to add green to the campus. The campus looked even more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, when Sister Feng blew, the baby grass nodded, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1064, "data": "The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby. They keep quarreling all day long. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house. They were afraid of the other side eating too much, so they kept quarreling. When a fox came, it said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divided the bread into big and small, and fat and chubby said, \"It's not fair.\" The fox said, \"It's not easy. The fox took a big bite, and the big became small. Fatty and chubby still felt unfair, and the fox took a bite again. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating. Only then did the brothers realize that they were deceived by the sly fox and regretted it. The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby."}, {"nb": 1065, "data": "Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset. One day, the ants climbed into the tree to find food, and they encountered bees in the flowers. The ant asked, \"Bee, do you say I'm hard-working or hard-working?\" The bee said, \"You, like me, are busy all day.\" The ant asked, \"Why do people just praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: \" Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \"Ants and bees People always praise the bees, and the ants are very upset."}, {"nb": 1066, "data": "Monkey and Pea A monkey holds two peas. One small bean fell down, and he reached out to pick it up. Twenty more dropped. He went to pick the twenty, and many more fell in his hand. So he lost his temper, scattered the peas to all sides, and walked away. So he lost his temper, scattered the peas to all sides, and walked away."}, {"nb": 1067, "data": "After spending a year, Russian writer Gorky recuperated on an island in Italy. His ten-year-old son followed his mother to visit his father. The son planted some flower seeds in the yard where my father lived. Soon, he returned to China with his mother. In spring the flowers sprout and grow leaves, and soon the flowers are in full bloom. Gorky looked at the blooming flowers under the window, and was very happy, so he wrote a letter to his son, which means: You are gone, but the flowers you planted are left. I looked at them and thought to myself: My good son left something as beautiful on the island as flowers. If you leave people with beautiful things no matter what time and place, like flowers, good thoughts, and very good memories for you, how happy your life is! At that time, you will feel that everyone needs you. You know, \"giving\" is always better than \"getting\". After spending a year, Russian writer Gorky recuperated on an island in Italy."}, {"nb": 1068, "data": "what ! The sunset is so beautiful, it looks like a steed in Mercedes-Benz, roars like a lion, and blooms like flowers for a while ... I look at it, my body feels fluttering, as if I have become a piece of sunset. After a while a ray of light came in, and the evening glow shone brilliantly. I opened my eyes slightly. Seven colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple suddenly appeared in front of my eyes. It seemed that my body was wrapped in color. The sunset is so beautiful, it's like a steed in Mercedes, it's roaring like a lion, and it's like blossoming flowers for a while ..."}, {"nb": 1069, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. The little flower dog took the rabbit home, and said to his friend, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!"}, {"nb": 1070, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat drifted forward. The little tortoise was happy to probe his head: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. Duckling hurried to chase after him: \"I want it, I want it!\" But after a lot of effort, I couldn't hold the straw hat. They fought with straw hats in disagreement. Xian Hefei said, \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. It's not good to give back to anyone who loses it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" Fly away with a straw hat. \"But it took so much effort that I couldn't hold the straw hat."}, {"nb": 1071, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake has a circular shape, the water of the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. The lake is surrounded by dense trees. One of the most striking is the weeping willow. Under the breeze, the wicker danced against the wind. You can see that the figure of the girl Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree was a piece of tender green grass with yellow and blue flowers on it. There is a beautiful small bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake in my hometown, I love you! There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake."}, {"nb": 1072, "data": "One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone. They are better than running. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up. The cock proudly said to the ducks, \"You can believe that I am great!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swims fast and steadily. The cock is covered with water and almost drowns. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, my ability is great.\" No one is convinced by them. One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone."}, {"nb": 1073, "data": "Riding a bike I used to ride a four-wheeled stroller before, so I think a two-wheeled bike is also a piece of cake. I didn't wait for my mother to speak, I couldn't wait to get on the car, but I couldn't hold it and fell off. My mother laughed and said, \"I can't eat hot tofu in a hurry, but I'll help you practice a few laps.\" After I learned the lesson, I carefully re-ride the car. \"After learning the lesson, I carefully re-ridden the car."}, {"nb": 1074, "data": "Help Mom Dry Clothes In a sunny morning, Mom was doing laundry. Xiao Lan ran over and said to her mother, \"Mom, you've worked hard, don't do it. I'll wash it for you!\" Mom said, \"No, mother is capable. This won't make me tired.\" Then I'll help you dry your clothes! \"Xiao Lan moved to a small bench, hung a piece of washed clothes on a wire, and pinched it with a clip. At this moment, the mother asked, \"Good daughter, can you do it? If you are not tired, don't do it.\" Xiao Lan proudly said, \"Mom, I can do it, I have grown up.\" At this time, Xiao Lan I saw tears in my mother's eyes. Xiao Lan proudly said, \"Mom, I can do it. I've grown up."}, {"nb": 1075, "data": "The blue sky is high and the blue sky is big. The blue sky is a good mother for birds. The sea is deep and the sea is big. The sea is a good mother of fish. The motherland is beautiful, the motherland is big, and the motherland is our good mother. The sea is deep and the sea is big. The sea is a good mother of fish."}, {"nb": 1076, "data": "The chicks and ducklings all day, the mother chicken called the chicks across the river to collect some mushrooms. When the chick came to the river, he remembered that he couldn't swim and was anxious to stamp his feet. What should I do? At this moment, the duckling came to this side, and he hurried over and said to the duckling, \"Duckling, I want to cross the river, can you let me sit on your back?\" The duckling said, \"No. You are too heavy, we will sink together. \"At this moment, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, he picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken,\" You can stand on the wooden board and slowly swim past it. .If you're scared, I'll accompany you. \"The chick stood on a wooden board across the river. On the shore, the chick said happily to the duckling, \"Thank you!\" The duckling said, \"No thanks.\" At this time, the duckling saw a wooden board around him, and after thinking about it, picked up the wooden board and said to the chicken. : \"You can swim slowly on the board."}, {"nb": 1077, "data": "What is the happiest little frog thinking, what is the happiest to do? The little frog jumped under the big tree and asked the woodpecker, \"Uncle, what's the happiest thing?\" The woodpecker said, \"The happiest is catching insects on trees.\" The little frog jumped into the field and asked the buffalo: \"Grandpa, what is the happiest thing? \"The buffalo said,\" Cultivated land is the happiest. \"The frog jumped into the flowers and asked the bees:\" Little sister, what is the happiest thing? \"The bee said,\" It is the happiest to collect honey. \"The little frog came home and asked his mother:\" Mom, What is the happiest thing? Why do Uncle Woodpecker, Grandpa Buffalo, and Sister Bee say differently? \"Mom said,\" Actually, they are saying a thing, and they will be the happiest when they do something useful to others. \" The frog jumped into the flowers and asked the bee: \"Little sister, what is the happiest thing?"}, {"nb": 1078, "data": "The Yangtze River-the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river."}, {"nb": 1079, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat drifted forward. The little tortoise was happy to probe his head: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. Duckling hurried to chase after him: \"I want it, I want it!\" But after a lot of effort, I couldn't hold the straw hat. They fought with straw hats in disagreement. Xian Hefei said, \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. It's not good to give back to anyone who loses it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" Fly away with a straw hat. After that, the crane craned away with a straw hat."}, {"nb": 1080, "data": "In the doctor's forest of trees, there is a hundred-year-old tree, which grows leafy and is a good place for birds to play. One day, for some reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to see the woodpecker doctor. The woodpecker doctor flew over. He stopped on a branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-a sharp mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then extended his mouth in to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, the tree worms on the old tree were completely eaten by the woodpecker. Wow ! So comfortable. The old tree opened a smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No thanks, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-a sharp mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then extended his mouth in to forcefully hook the tree worm out."}, {"nb": 1081, "data": "The little crow loves her mother After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up, and it grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow was getting old and couldn't move anymore, so the little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind or a heavy rain, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west and from south to north. When it found what it had eaten, it came back and fed its mother bite by bite. The mother was full, and she ate it herself. How much the little crow loves his mother! The mother of the little crow was getting old and couldn't move anymore, so the little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother."}, {"nb": 1082, "data": "There are white lines on the road. The teacher said that this is a crosswalk. To cross the road from here, we can ensure our safety. But I think it's more like a staff. We walk on it and feel like we have become happy notes. It's so interesting to play a beautiful piano song! But I don't understand why some adults just don't like to cross the road across the road? A new road was built on the doorstep of the house, neat and beautiful. It used to be that it could pass directly from the gate of the residential area to the shopping mall opposite. Now it is a long way to go, and it is necessary to cross the road from the \"staff notation\". I always see some people trying to make short cuts from the passing cars to passing through them like acrobatics, which is really scary! Once, my mother said deliberately, \"It's relatively close, or should we try it?\" I shook my head vigorously and said, \"No, you're going to cross the crosswalk and follow the traffic lights. When I return I made a sign at the gate of the community and reminded everyone! \"Mom smiled and said,\" That's true! My baby is a lovely Shanghainese! \"Haha ... Both of us laughed. It used to be that it could pass directly from the gate of the residential area to the shopping mall opposite. Now it is a long way to go, and it is necessary to cross the road from the \"staff notation\"."}, {"nb": 1083, "data": "There is a flock of birds in the yard of the bird's house. Puppy, rabbit and cat want to build a comfortable home for the birds so that they can live in the yard forever. The kitten made a beautiful bird cage. The little bird looked at it, whine, and flew away. The puppy made a beautiful log cabin. The bird looked at it, and shook its head. The little rabbit planted a tree. The tree sprouts, the little bird is cricketing, singing and playing in the green leaves. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best homes for birds. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best homes for birds."}, {"nb": 1084, "data": "The Yangtze River-the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River."}, {"nb": 1085, "data": "Little cousin My little cousin is under one year old. She doesn't speak, she just cry loudly. A chubby face with big round eyes is very cute. She wore a small wooden fish on her wrist and made a crisp sound as soon as she moved. Whenever she saw me, she always smiled. I tease her with a toy, but it treats the toy as delicious and sends it to my mouth, silly, it's really fun. When she was unhappy, she pulled my hair vigorously with her hands, and her mouth babbled and said something that no one could understand. However, I don't blame her because she is my little cousin who is not yet sensible. I tease her with a toy, but it treats the toy as delicious and sends it to my mouth, silly, it's really fun."}, {"nb": 1086, "data": "Xiaoming, a naughty child, is a very naughty boy. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you want to receive?\" The mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and said, smiling: \"Mom don't have any gifts, just hope that there is a good child who is sensible and clean!\" Xiao Ming looked at himself, his cuffs and placket were covered with mud. Xiaoming suddenly understood her mother's meaning, lowered her head and blushed and said, \"Mom, I won't play mud anymore. I want to be a good-looking boy!\" After that, Xiaoming will be covered with mud. After changing it, I put on clean clothes and ran out happily. Mom watched Xiao Ming ran out and smiled reassuringly. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you hope to receive?"}, {"nb": 1087, "data": "Dandelion In the spring, a dandelion grows under the window of the Lele family. Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele Yellow flowers bloomed under the dandelion under the house window. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are beautiful, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will be very painful. When you get the result, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, The dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\" Dandelion In the spring, a dandelion grew out of Lele's window."}, {"nb": 1088, "data": "Spring is like Ding Dong, Ding Dong! The creek tried a clear throat. Ah, spring comes with a song! Huh! Huh! Willow branches bend their soft waists, ah, spring is dancing! Beep, beep, spring bamboo shoots are happily jointed in the mud, ah, spring comes with firecrackers! Ah, spring comes with a song!"}, {"nb": 1089, "data": "The quilt is a large envelope. At night, I put it in this envelope. The kiss of my mother is a stamp affixed to the envelope. It will send me to a sweet dream ... The quilt is a large envelope. At night, I will put it in this envelope."}, {"nb": 1090, "data": "Cheer up Our holiday team has organized a \"cheer up for free\" activity for bicycles. I laid a piece of paper on which I wrote \"free pumping\" on the ground, and then took the pump and shouted, \"Free pumping, free pumping ...\" Many people came to see me, and some people said, \"This The child was learning to do good deeds in Lei Feng ... \"I was very excited when I heard it, and shouted,\" Free cheering ... \"After a while, an uncle came to cheer up, I don't mention how happy I was, but that uncle was cheering up But gave me 4 cents. After a while, an uncle pumped up. It turned out that the uncle had to go out urgently, forgot to pump up the bicycle, and forgot to bring money, and was very anxious. When he saw my \"free pump\" booth, he immediately ran over to pump up . As he pumped up, he said, \"Thank you! Thank you!\" I said, \"Thank you, this little thing needs no thanks.\" I was very happy to think that I did a little thing that can bring a lot of convenience to others. Another aunt came to cheer up ... \"After a while, an uncle came to cheer up, not to mention how happy I was, but that uncle gave me 4 cents after he was cheering up."}, {"nb": 1091, "data": "It was raining for half a day at sunset, and in the evening, it became clear gradually. A splendid sunset rose over the sky, and soon it was covered with more than half of the sky. The sunset glow is full of shapes, some like male lions roaring in the sky, some like elephants stretching their noses to drink water, and some like sheep eating grass ... It's unpredictable, adding a bit to the tranquil sky Mysterious. Without knowing it, the sunset slowly receded, and the sky was blue. The sunset is full of shapes, some roar like a lion in the sky, some like an elephant with a long nose and drinking water, and some like a sheep eating grass ..."}, {"nb": 1092, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree called out, \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you!\" Said the woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm young and strong, where's the bug on me? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warning, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no more woodpecker has been willing to help this tree pecking. A few years later, there were more worms in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly. \"The woodpecker said sincerely."}, {"nb": 1093, "data": "The kitten, the puppy, and the pig are drawing together. The little cat drew a sun, a house, and a big tree with a bird on it. It said to the piglet, \"Look, I can draw anything!\" Piglet said, \"You're so smart.\" But the puppy said, \"Can you paint the wind? The wind can't be seen or touched. No one can draw it.\" The kitten took the pen and tapped her lips gently, blinked, and thought for a while, and said, \"I can!\" It was right next to the sun, and a white cloud was drawn on the house, saying, \"White clouds float in the sky, Didn't it let the wind blow? The wind, it was drawn! \"It was right next to the sun, and a white cloud was painted on the house, saying,\" Isn't the white cloud floating in the sky?"}, {"nb": 1094, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. Sika deer said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun.\""}, {"nb": 1095, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and darted at the little white rabbit, who was frightened and ran away. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased after him. \"Plop\", the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with drooling and drooling. The idea was to eat the little white rabbit. When the little monkey saw it, it immediately hung upside down from the tree and pulled the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wanted to eat the little white rabbit but could not eat it anymore. The little white rabbit was saved. When the little monkey saw it, it immediately hung upside down from the tree and pulled the little white rabbit out of the big pit."}, {"nb": 1096, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see animals. The zoo is really lively and there are all kinds of animals. On the big tree, the naughty little monkey is swinging. Monkeys are very naughty, jumping up and down, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, the sea lions are performing their headers, and applause from tourists is heard from time to time. On the blue lake, two white swans are shaking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the birds flapped their wings and flew freely. Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see animals."}, {"nb": 1097, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer."}, {"nb": 1098, "data": "It's windy. I asked my mother, \"What is the wind like?\" My mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know, what do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"When the wind is like a barber, when I am happy, I comb my hair neatly When I am angry, I blow my hair in a mess. \u201dWhen she heard it, she praised:\u201c Nice, yes! Your imagination is so rich. \u201dI smiled and said,\u201c The wind is like a barber. When you are happy, , Comb my hair neatly."}, {"nb": 1099, "data": "The bear bears peaches In spring, the peach trees that bear bears grow in the mountains are full of green leaves and full of pink flowers. In summer, the trees are full of big, red peaches. The bear picked the peach and happily ate it with his friends. The bear picked the peach and happily ate it with his friends."}, {"nb": 1100, "data": "A few days ago, my mother gave me and my sister a big pomegranate. Pomegranate is not good-looking. It does not have the rosy and smooth appearance of apples, which makes people look envious; it also does not have the seductive aroma of pineapples, which makes people smell covetous. It has only a layer of rough yellow skin, rustic in nature, and a crack on it, like a grinning grin. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. Mom told me that it is where the pomegranate blooms. I opened the yellow layer of pomegranate: Ah! Inside are all very beautiful seeds like crystal beads. They're crowded tightly and they're full. They look really good. The seeds are eaten in the mouth, sweet and sour, really smelling! My sister and I like to eat very much. My mother said to us: \"Do n\u2019t you just see its seeds look good and delicious, you ca n\u2019t see the rustic peel in the soil, hi, it is also a traditional Chinese medicine for diarrhea!\" Eating pomegranate, listening to my mother, I Understood: Everything must not only look at its appearance. Although pomegranates are not beautiful in appearance, they are useful from the inside out. \"Eating pomegranate and listening to my mother 's words, I understand: Nothing can only look at its appearance."}, {"nb": 1101, "data": "The green air conditioner forest is like a huge air conditioner. It sucks the hot midsummer into the green leaves, carefully processes and filters it, and then sends the cool fresh oxygen to the earth. The blushed city people rushed into the forest from all sides. Can you move the green leaves to the city, to your home and in the classroom ... so that grandpas, grandmothers, and babies who cannot walk can also enjoy the cool breeze blowing? can ! One child said, \"Look, isn't the city garden, roof melon shed, balcony bonsai all a green air conditioner!\" One child said, \"You see, the city garden, roof melon shed, balcony bonsai Isn't it all a green air conditioner!"}, {"nb": 1102, "data": "One day, the two husbands had a cousin eating noodles and a grandpa drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why am I without a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought for a while, and put some noodles in it On the lips, he said to his grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I am old and have a beard.\" Grandpa smiled and said to the little cousin, \"We have two husbands here.\" Why do I have no beard?"}, {"nb": 1103, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. The sun kissed the leaves, and the leaves turned green. The sun kissed the grapes, and the grapes became purple. So what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful. I think the color of the sun must be colorful."}, {"nb": 1104, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home!"}, {"nb": 1105, "data": "I can draw. I can draw big cocks. In my paintings, big cocks. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flew up and down. I can draw fishes, and in my paintings the fishes swim with their tails. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flew up and down."}, {"nb": 1106, "data": "What is the happiest little frog thinking, what is the happiest to do? The little frog jumped under the big tree and asked the woodpecker, \"Uncle, what's the happiest thing?\" The woodpecker said, \"The happiest is catching insects on trees.\" The little frog jumped into the field and asked the buffalo: \"Grandpa, what is the happiest thing? The buffalo said, \"The happiest farmland.\" The frog jumped into the flowers and asked the bees: \"Little sister, what is the happiest?\" The bee said: \"The happiest is to collect honey.\" The little frog came home and asked his mother: \"Mom, What is the happiest thing? Why do Uncle Woodpecker, Grandpa Buffalo, and Sister Bee say differently? \"Mom said,\" Actually, they are saying a truth, and doing what is useful to others will be the happiest. \"Do What is the happiest little frog thinks, what is the happiest?"}, {"nb": 1107, "data": "Gift for Mom Mom 's birthday is coming up soon. I want to give mom a gift. What should I give? I drew a big red flower that my mother liked and wrote Happy Birthday to my mother. \"I gave the painting to my mother, who saw it and happily said,\" I really like the gift you made. \"Mom 's Gift Mom' s birthday is coming up soon. I want to give mom a gift."}, {"nb": 1108, "data": "There are small drops of water on the back of the little turtle, and it must be hot and sweaty. Sweetly hurriedly fanned it. Dad told sweet that the turtle is like a fish, a cold-blooded animal, and it is not afraid of heat. Sweating is because the turtle's back is cold and there is more water vapor in the air. Small drops of water have formed on the turtle's back, indicating that it is going to rain. Sweating is because the turtle's back is cold and there is more water vapor in the air. Small drops of water have formed on the turtle's back, indicating that it is going to rain."}, {"nb": 1109, "data": "\"Little Fat Duck\" My best friend will count Zhang Mei. She was very fat and full of flesh, with two thick and dark eyebrows, and two big eyes. But she is nearsighted and often squints her eyes at people. Because she was so fat, she slowly swelled when she walked, and her body shook like a \"chubby duck\". She was very fat and full of flesh, with two thick and dark eyebrows, and two big eyes."}, {"nb": 1110, "data": "Good way In the winter morning, the two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle came. The little white rabbit shouted, \"Hide up! Little gray rabbit said,\" Where is there a hole? \"Little white rabbit said:\" Hidden in the rubble! After that, the little white rabbit ran to the snow below the mountain. The eagle flew and circled a few times in the sky. If nothing was found, it flew away. The eagle flew and circled a few times in the sky. If nothing was found, it flew away."}, {"nb": 1111, "data": "In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said, \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm laughed suddenly, \"Huh! You also think of the top of the wall Go up? Do n\u2019t imagine it! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep. The earthworm woke up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turned out that the snail had already climbed to the top of the wall. Do you also want to go to the top of the wall?"}, {"nb": 1112, "data": "Don't cut the earth's hair, don't cut it wildly, the forest is my hair. It \u2019s good for people to keep their hair. I keep my hair against the sand. Don't cut the earth's hair, don't cut it wildly, the forest is my hair."}, {"nb": 1113, "data": "There are several beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and color. Some have black bodies and red tails, and some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish looks the best and drags its silvery white tail to swim in the green plants. The yellow goldfish looks the best and drags its silvery white tail to swim in the green plants."}, {"nb": 1114, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew into the sky with his plane. \"Oh, it flies!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene, thought and said, \"It seems that as long as you use your brain, there is nothing you can't do.\" The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy."}, {"nb": 1115, "data": "Butterflies Gift Today, my good friend Wang Jing and I went to play after having lunch. I saw a butterfly resting on the flower and walked lightly. I reached out and grabbed it. Unfortunately, the speed was too slow and the butterfly escaped. But Wang Jing caught a butterfly. She said to me, \"I'll give it to you.\" I quickly said, \"Thank you.\" I pinched the wings of the butterfly with my fingers. I took a closer look. This butterfly is very beautiful, especially its wings, just like the flowers blooming in spring. I wanted to take it home, but I thought about it: butterflies also have life, and they should be allowed to live freely in nature. Thinking of this, I let this little creature return to the blue sky. At this time, I looked at my hand again, and the silver-white powder was left on it. I thought, maybe this is the gift that the butterfly left me. I saw a butterfly resting on the flower and walked lightly. I reached out and grabbed it. Unfortunately, the speed was too slow and the butterfly escaped."}, {"nb": 1116, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered, like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white flour sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, holding a handful of snow on the ground, and stared for a long time. \"No, it's not white noodles!\" Another girl said, \"It's cotton, my grandpa said.\" \"It's the girl Baiyun who was afraid of freezing the wheat seedlings, and sent a thick quilt to the wheat field.\" \"No! No! \"A round-faced child waved his hands again and again.\" My mother said that snowflakes are the petals that Sister Spring has dropped from the sky, and the petals are falling. Spring is coming! \"\" A round-faced child waved hands, \"My mother said However, snowflakes are the petals that Sister Spring has dropped from the sky. The petals fall, and spring is coming!"}, {"nb": 1117, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, one end bears bitter gourd and the other end bears melon. Bitter melon said softly, \"Sister melon, you are very sweet, and I'm bitter. People will like you more, don't like me.\" Melon said, \"No, sister Bitter melon. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I am a fruit. I can quench my thirst when we eat it. We all have our strengths. \"The bitter gourd was very happy to hear that they became best friends. Bitter melon said softly, \"Sister melon, you are very sweet, and I am bitter."}, {"nb": 1118, "data": "Birds are good for human beings, and they are human friends. We must protect beneficial birds. The feathers of birds are bright and colorful, and they are lively and colorful. They dance in the woods and hum in the sky, making the environment around us beautiful and colorful. Most species of birds are good at destroying pests and rodents. They are \"doctors\" in the woods and \"assistants\" to farmers. Most species of birds are good at destroying pests and rodents. They are \"doctors\" in the woods and \"assistants\" to farmers."}, {"nb": 1119, "data": "My old cat is very concerned about his children. Every time he came back from the outside, he lay down to feed the kitten. When the little cats are feeding, it always licks their hair, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep spinning around the kitten, and \"mouth meowing\" in his mouth, as if asking: \"Little baby, where are you uncomfortable?\" Tell your mother! \"Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep spinning around the kitten, and\" mouth meowing \"in his mouth, as if asking:\" Little baby Where are you uncomfortable?"}, {"nb": 1120, "data": "Mother, why Xiaohe laughs loudly? Because the sun is creaking she makes her itchy. Mom, why is Xiaohe singing? Because lark is praising her snoring. Mother, why is Xiaohe so cool? Because she is immersed in the reveries deeply loved by snow. Mom, how old is Xiaohe? She will always be the same age as the young spring. Mom, why doesn't Xiaohe rest? Because the mother-the sea hopes for her at all times. Mom, why is Xiaohe singing?"}, {"nb": 1121, "data": "As soon as the class was over, the students rushed out of the classroom, ran, jumped, and fell into the arms of the snow. The spacious playground became a playground for us to play. The students rolled snowballs and snowballs on the thick snow. The playground is full of our laughter. The spacious playground became a playground for us to play."}, {"nb": 1122, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture."}, {"nb": 1123, "data": "George and his small axe George got a small axe, and itching in his heart, he wanted to try the axe sharp but not sharp. When he ran to the garden and saw a tree, he didn't even think about it, he raised a small axe and cut the tree. After a while, Dad was back. \"Who cut down my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily. \"If I know who did it, I ...\" George lowered his head and said, \"Dad, I want to try my little axe. . \"Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He took hold of George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I would rather lose twelve cherry trees than tell a lie.\" I would rather lose twelve cherry trees than You lied once."}, {"nb": 1124, "data": "In the clear stream, there is a crooked stream in front of the bunny's house. The stream is clear and bright, and it can reflect the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened. The bunny walked and saw tall elephants and fat wild boars. They were breathing heavily, using all their strength to compete against a thick tree near the creek, and trying to compare who's strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as they ran, \"Hurry up! You loosened the soil, and the soil fell into the stream, and we have no more clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed, and he knew everything was wrong, so he planted the tree back together. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1125, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately."}, {"nb": 1126, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, it's so useful! The scale is the \"bone\" of the fish exposed outside the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor, which has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent bacteria in the water from attacking it. The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter. Fish scales grow slower and darker in the winter; fish scales grow faster and lighter in the summer. The shapes of fish scales are also different. They are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped! The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter."}, {"nb": 1127, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved."}, {"nb": 1128, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance."}, {"nb": 1129, "data": "One night fishing for ducks, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I had no bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that in my shoulder bag for hunting, there was a little piece of lard left. Great! Immediately I took out the lard and quickly tied it to a long and thin rope and threw the rope into the water. When the wild duck saw lard, it immediately came over. A pouting wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, after it entered the duck's mouth, it quickly passed the duck's intestine and slipped out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild ducks were put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over, one by one swallowed the lard, and they were worn on my rope one by one. In less than 10 minutes, all the wild ducks looked like beads. Dressed up. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was so tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me into the sky. I didn't hesitate to make a rudder out of my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my home. At this time, the wild ducks came over, one by one swallowed the lard, and they were worn on my rope one by one. In less than 10 minutes, all the wild ducks looked like beads. Dressed up."}, {"nb": 1130, "data": "It 's autumn and the goat teacher takes the little animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. The goat teacher said, \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you. What color do you like?\" The bear said, \"I like gold, because rice is golden and golden, and it brings us harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said, \"I like red, because apples are red. Red apples are sweet and sweet, and they symbolize enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said, \"I like purple, because eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobleness.\" The goat The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautiful our world is dressed!\" Teacher Goat said, \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you. What colors do you like?"}, {"nb": 1131, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of the birds. As long as the feces of the little tits are stained, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but he is afraid of fire and red, and even more afraid of beating his waist. The bear has great strength, but it is afraid of being hit by the nose. As long as it slams the bear 's nose, it will not move. A crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not approach it. No matter what animal has its weaknesses, even ferocious animals are no exception. The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of the birds. As long as the feces of the little tits are stained, its skin will rot."}, {"nb": 1132, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's Arbor Day The Arbor Day in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the sky, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the tree planting crowd in Tiantan Park, the 81-year-old grandpa Deng Xiaoping was particularly noticeable. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hands. His forehead was covered with sweat beads, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug. Grandpa Deng picked a strong cypress seedling, carefully moved it into the tree pit, and filled it with a few shovel. He stood a few steps and looked closely, and felt that it was not very straight. He continued to say \"No, no!\" He stepped forward and straightened the sapling again. A small green cypress was planted and stood there straight like a soldier. Grandpa Deng had a satisfied smile on his face. Today, the cypress tree planted by Grandpa Deng himself has grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in Tiantan Park. Among the tree planting crowd in Tiantan Park, the 81-year-old grandpa Deng Xiaoping was particularly noticeable."}, {"nb": 1133, "data": "One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone. They are better than running. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up. The cock proudly said to the ducks, \"You can believe that I am great!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swims fast and steadily. The cock is covered with water and almost drowns. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, my ability is great.\" No one is convinced by them. The cock proudly said to the duck, \"You can believe that I am great!"}, {"nb": 1134, "data": "The crow is no longer fooled. The crow fell on a tree, and the fox came to the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you,\" said the crow. The fox pretended not to say, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said, \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said, \"I'm not afraid of you, I Afraid of the dog running. \"The fox ran away when he heard the dog. \"The crow said,\" I'm not afraid of you. I'm afraid of dogs coming. \""}, {"nb": 1135, "data": "Father of the hippocampus Father of the hippocampus and mother of the hippocampus are about to have children. The hippocampus father has a large childcare bag on the belly wall. The mother of the hippocampus lays the young eggs in the childcare bag of the father of the hippocampus. After the little seahorse grew up, he left his father 's nursery bag and played happily on the colorful sea floor. The hippocampus father has a large childcare bag on the belly wall. The mother of the hippocampus lays the young eggs in the childcare bag of the father of the hippocampus."}, {"nb": 1136, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. \"That day, the little dog went uphill again, and a hunter hit an eagle."}, {"nb": 1137, "data": "Guozigou In spring, there are flowers everywhere in Xinjiang. In addition to the colorful wild flowers on the hillside, there are apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Clusters, clusters, patches, red and bright, blue and white, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there were fewer flowers and more fruits. The red, green, yellow, one by one, strings, clusters, like mountains and stars, can not be seen at a glance. The fruit groove is really a good place with lots of flowers and fruits. The fruit groove is really a good place with lots of flowers and fruits."}, {"nb": 1138, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes."}, {"nb": 1139, "data": "The little fox and the little white rabbit The little fox and the little white rabbit live on the same hillside. Because they are neighbors, the little white rabbit and the little fox naturally become good friends. But the white rabbit mother did not agree with the white rabbit and the fox as friends. She thinks that the fox family is a liar. But the little white rabbit knew that the little fox was kind, but the mother was still ... In the days when the final exam was near, the little white rabbit had forgotten to review the time, and forgot that it couldn't play with the little fox for the time being. On the day of the final exam, Little White Rabbit entered the examination room for the exam. What was unexpected was that it had been half an hour and the little fox had not yet come. At this moment, the principal of the goat came over and said, \"Little white rabbit, your house is on fire. Come back quickly!\" Little white rabbit ran home quickly. At this time, he saw the little fox escaping from the sea with the white rabbit mother on his back. Come out ... \"It turned out that the little fox was to save my mother, so he didn't go to the exam!\" Little White Rabbit thought, \"He is really my good friend!\" At that time, he saw the little fox escaped from the sea of \u200b\u200bfire with his white rabbit mother ... \"It turned out that the little fox didn't go to the exam to save my mother!"}, {"nb": 1140, "data": "The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree. Little fruit tree, please be a guest. The raindrops were very happy, and they filled the little fruit tree with water. The green leaves of a small fruit tree grow longer and more. It invited the little bird to be a guest. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs. The little fruit tree is in bloom and it invites the little bees as guests. The little bee is very happy to help pollen the little fruit tree. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil. The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree."}, {"nb": 1141, "data": "The colorful \"Children 's Day\" today is the \"Children' s Day\" International Children 's Day and it is our own holiday. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags fluttered around the school. The students were all trembling. The bright red scarves were particularly dazzling, and the laughter went straight into the sky. The wonderful show began. See, the trumpet player and the tambourine have their own postures and their own blowing and playing styles. Wonderful shows one by one, the little singers let go of their bright voices, and the beautiful voices spread throughout the campus. The little girls danced in beautiful dresses. The audience watched it with interest and bursts of warm applause from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over and the campus gradually returned to peace. We reluctantly left the campus. Unconsciously, the show was over and the campus gradually returned to peace. We reluctantly left the campus."}, {"nb": 1142, "data": "At night, the fireflies carrying lanterns covered the moon with clouds. The hot air on the ground is still evaporating, and the weather is still so hot. We all shook our fan into the yard to take a cool ride, but the fireflies were carrying small lanterns and flying on the grass. Is it to give way to the lost ants? Or lighting up the textile girl at night? Or ... fly, fly, fly over the blades of grass, fly under the big trees, the fireflies are not afraid of heat, and take great pains. Photo, photo, the small lantern of the firefly, like the stars in the fairy tale world, twinkles, so charming! Photo, photo, the small lantern of the firefly, like the stars in the fairy tale world, twinkles, so charming!"}, {"nb": 1143, "data": "The little monkey ate the watermelon. The little monkey ran to the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He picked the next watermelon and ate it. A calf next to him saw him deliver the round watermelon to his mouth, and said to him, \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The little monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" Then he bit down a piece of watermelon rind, chewed without taste, and threw the bitten watermelon angrily to the ground and said, \"Not good! Not good!\" Calf Tell him, \"Who wants you to eat the skin? When you eat watermelon, you should eat the tadpoles inside!\" The little monkey ate watermelon. The little monkey ran into the watermelon field. He first saw watermelon and felt very interesting. To eat."}, {"nb": 1144, "data": "The scenery in Butterfly Valley is very charming. In some valleys, there is only a yellow butterfly. Under the sun's rays, it is golden and brilliant. In some valleys, there are several kinds of butterflies. They fly up and down, and they are colorful, just like who sprayed a handful of colorful petals in the air, which fluttered with the wind, and then with the wind. In some valleys, there is only a yellow butterfly. Under the sun's rays, it is golden and brilliant."}, {"nb": 1145, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! \"The mouse agreed quickly."}, {"nb": 1146, "data": "Once upon a time, a couple opened a hotel, and because of the cheap wine they sold, the business was booming. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water with the wine and sold it for five yuan more. At night when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her compliment. Who knew that her husband was so angry that his feet were so straight that he cried with headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with only 5 yuan of credibility. Sure enough, their business was not as prosperous as before, and finally finally broke completely. When the wife was impoverished and dying, she shed tears in remorse and said, \"I see ...\" When the wife was impoverished and dying, she shed tears in remorse, and said, \"I see ..."}, {"nb": 1147, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and drew pictures. I first drew a forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forests are green and the trees are very dense. I painted a clear blue sky above the forest. There are still white clouds floating in the sky. Then I drew a few birds in the forest, yellow feathers, and pointed mouths, which were very interesting. In the end, I gave the picture a name: \"Bird's Home\". The forests are green and the trees are very dense."}, {"nb": 1148, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers. Some lotus leaves in the pond are like an open umbrella, some are big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap of the lotus leaf, I saw the lotus stalks with thorns sticking up on the water. The top of the lotus stem is covered with snow-white lotus flowers. The lotus flowers are in various poses, one after another, some have already bloomed, revealing golden flower stamens and yellowish small lotus tents; some have two or three petals spread out. Lovely fairies; some are still bracted. One of the newly opened lotuses seemed shy and hid behind a large lotus leaf. The top of the lotus stem is covered with snow-white lotus flowers."}, {"nb": 1149, "data": "Jellyfish May Day, my mother took me to the marine aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel novel. Jellyfish is a mollusc that lives in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, they look soft and soft, they seem to break at the touch, and they look like blossoming \"mushrooms\" from a distance. They have blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... They look crystal clear, they look like parachutes floating in the ocean, swimming leisurely in the water, slowly and freely ... Adding a mystery to the ocean world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can make oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\". Jellyfish May Day, my mother took me to the marine aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel novel."}, {"nb": 1150, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. \"Like his elder sister, he was motionless and carefully writing pen by pen."}, {"nb": 1151, "data": "Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. The peacock first ran to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you! I look the best, open my tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the myna came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you Let's be together! My mouth is the most clever. Whatever you say, I will say what you want to hear. \"At this moment, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen, \"What's your skill?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither beautiful nor my mouth good. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"A down-to-earth egg is more precious than playing with a hundred beautiful feathers and saying a thousand good words. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to live here.\" The peacock and myna listened to the farmer's words , Sorry to go. \"The peacock and my brother listened to the farmer's words and left embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 1152, "data": "Aunt found Dong Dong a small parasol. This little parasol is so pretty! The sky-blue nylon umbrella is printed with colorful balloons. The glittering umbrella stand can be seen by people. The most beautiful thing is the umbrella handle. The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing a pilot hat. The little girl is smiling at people! The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing a pilot hat. The little girl is smiling at people!"}, {"nb": 1153, "data": "A group of ants are moving to the hillside near the big tree. Some ants circled together, biting the biscuits with their mouths, and slowly moved forward; some ants were strong enough to bite the leaves alone; others were biting rice grains in pairs, climbing fast and fast stable. As soon as they moved home, the raindrops fell down. The ants are lying in their new home, admiring the rain outside and tasting the delicious food. This is really a happy treat. A group of ants are moving to the hillside near the big tree."}, {"nb": 1154, "data": "How to grow summer vegetables in winter In winter, the weather is cold. In order to eat summer vegetables, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic films for walls and roofs to shield them from the wind and rain, and to absorb sunlight. In addition, they need to be heated to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the midwinter years, people can still cultivate summer vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic films for walls and roofs to shield them from the wind and rain, and to absorb sunlight. In addition, they need to be heated to increase the temperature."}, {"nb": 1155, "data": "The leaves are autumn and the weather is cold. The leaves are falling from the branches. The leaves fell to the ground and the worm crawled over and lay inside, using it as a house. The leaves fell in the ditch, and the ant climbed up and sat in the middle, using it as a boat. The leaves fell in the river, and the little fish came over and hid underneath, using it as an umbrella. The leaves are autumn and the weather is cold. The leaves are falling from the branches."}, {"nb": 1156, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree called out, \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you!\" Said the woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm young and strong, where's the bug on me? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warning, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no more woodpecker has been willing to help this tree pecking. A few years later, there were more worms in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly. Since then, no more woodpecker has been willing to help this tree pecking."}, {"nb": 1157, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is big and heavy at first, and it \u2019s even heavier with satellites or something. So I had to be sent to the sky by a rocket. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I was able to fly into space orbit by myself and keep flying around the earth. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can taxi and land on my own like an airplane, so I can reuse it instead of scrapping it like a rocket just once. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair."}, {"nb": 1158, "data": "Which is the happiest in summer? I know happily in summer. Every day I hid on a high branch, holding my throat and singing a folk song. Which is the happiest in summer? Ducks are the happiest in summer. Swim through the water in groups, paddling the waves with sculls. Which is the happiest in summer?"}, {"nb": 1159, "data": "My family has a little white rabbit and it looks very cute. The fur of the little white rabbit is white and snowy, in the bright sun, it really looks like a pile of glittering snowflakes. A pair of long ears are erected on its head. As long as there is movement, it keeps swinging. What looks the best is his big red eyes, which are like rubies set in white jade. I like the little white rabbit very much and eat it fresh grass every day. My family has a little white rabbit and it looks very cute."}, {"nb": 1160, "data": "Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles Open Stores Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles want to open a small store. What kind of store should I open? They asked the elephant. The elephant said, \"I have a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippopotamus, and they said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with a big mouth!\" How about it? Mother Kangaroo tells them: \"I opened a newspaper shop and put the newspapers in big pockets. I can sell them everywhere.\" Brothers and sisters of the little turtles are sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brothers and sisters were no longer sad, and they opened a pancake shop. Let the sun bake its own back shell and spread pancakes on the back shell. Bake it, bake it, and it smells delicious. The little turtle's sesame cake was fragrant and crispy, and there was a beautiful pattern on it. Everyone came to buy it. The little turtle's sesame cake was fragrant and crispy, and there was a beautiful pattern on it. Everyone came to buy it."}, {"nb": 1161, "data": "Girl and mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a flower skirt and pigtails, facing the big mirror and asking, \"What am I like?\" On the willow outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Alas, his face looks like a flower! \"Xiaohua laughed. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow stepped in and said, \"Well, his face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard and cried. When she saw her, she said with a smile, \"Stupid boy, don't like to listen to the good news of magpies, and don't be afraid to listen to the bad news of crows. To know how you look, you should ask the mirror and tell it the truth.\" Listened and laughed."}, {"nb": 1162, "data": "Interesting dinosaurs 65 million years ago, there were many reptiles on the earth, including dinosaurs. People often think that a dinosaur is just a large, slow-moving animal, but this is actually wrong. Some dinosaurs are very large, larger than a dozen elephants together; some are very small, about the same as a chicken. Some dinosaurs fly, we call them pterosaurs; some dinosaurs live in water, we call ichthyosaurs; some dinosaurs are like cows, horses, eat only leaves and grasses, that is herbivorous dinosaurs; Some dinosaurs, like tigers and lions, specialize in preying on other animals. We call them carnivorous dinosaurs. There are hundreds of types of dinosaurs, and they look strange. Interesting dinosaurs 65 million years ago, there were many reptiles on the earth, including dinosaurs."}, {"nb": 1163, "data": "Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole. The average minimum temperature difference between the two places is 30 \u00b0 C. Why is this ? It turns out that the Arctic Ocean takes up a large area in the Arctic. Water has a large heat capacity and can absorb more heat and then slowly dissipate it, so the winter in the Arctic should be warmer. The Antarctic region is a continent. The land's heat storage capacity is not strong. The heat absorbed in summer is quickly lost, so it will be very cold in winter. Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole? The South Pole and the North Pole are both poles on the earth with the same height and height. They are exposed to the sun at the same time and angle, but the South Pole is much colder than the North Pole."}, {"nb": 1164, "data": "Little turtle dove is lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked the Pasqueflower: \"Grandpa Pasqueflower, who can make friends with me?\" Pasqueflower said: \"You can go and make friends with Magpie, he is warm and kind!\" Xiao Hanu said shamefully, \"I overtaken his Nest, he won't be nice to me. \"Pasque flower said:\" You can make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little turtledove said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive Mine. \u201dThe bald-head thought for a while, and said,\u201c Well, go and find a little sparrow. He is naive and lively! \u201dLittle turtledove said in distress:\u201c No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, Pecking him with blood. \"The bald-headed sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others, who would like to be your friend? \"\" The bald-headed sighed and said, \"Hey, you are always Bullying others, who wants to be your friend?"}, {"nb": 1165, "data": "The little squirrel looked for the peanut tree. There were many peanuts, green leaves, and small yellow flowers, which looked really good. The little squirrel asked the earthworm, \"What is this?\" The earthworm said, \"This is peanuts.\" The little squirrel was very happy, and he thought, when the peanuts had settled, I would pick them up and keep them for winter. Since then, the little squirrel has gone into the peanut field every day to see if the peanuts have turned out. However, until the golden flowers were gone, I didn't see a peanut fruit. The little squirrel opened his eyes wide and said to himself, \"Strange, who has taken the peanut fruit?\" The earthworm got out of the soil, and said to the little squirrel with a smile, \"No one has picked the peanut fruit. Here it is! \"Said the earthworm,\" this is peanuts."}, {"nb": 1166, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the stream and looked at it, he exclaimed angrily: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh since ...! Since the magpie, the crow and the golden pheasant, the crow and the golden pheasant all wore white feather coat Dress up pretty."}, {"nb": 1167, "data": "The little pig, the lamb and the bunny discuss the bubble blowing game together. The piglet prepared the shampoo; the lamb prepared the detergent; the rabbit prepared the soapy water. They each took a straw and started to blow bubbles. The pig was blowing upwards, \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The lamb blew down forcefully: \"Bang! Bang!\" The bubble burst. The little rabbits blow slowly, and the bubbles fly up to the sky one after another. The colorfulness is extremely beautiful. \"The bubble burst."}, {"nb": 1168, "data": "In some archipelagoes of Brazil and the Pacific, a \"bread\" tree grows. The bread tree is more than ten meters high, with thick trunks, lush foliage, and thick shades like a natural pergola. From July to November each year, round fruits will be produced on the tree. This fruit is as big as volleyball and as small as tennis. The fruit is green when tender and turns yellow when mature. A tree often has hundreds or thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread. A tree often has hundreds or thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread."}, {"nb": 1169, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked the old cow to judge, and the old cow said, \"You two only see your strengths, you can't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. The camel grows tall and the sheep grow short."}, {"nb": 1170, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. The little flower dog took the rabbit home, and said to his friend, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!"}, {"nb": 1171, "data": "The morning glory girl wearing a flower for the mother-in-law of the tree just wanted to climb up. She lifted her neck and looked at an old tree in front of her: \"It's pitiful, there isn't even a green leaf on the dead branch.\" \"Mother-in-law, why don't you grow green leaves?\" The morning glory girl asked. Grandma Tree whispered, \"I'm old and won't grow up!\" \"No, you'll grow green leaves!\" Said the morning glory girl loudly. As she stretched her body, she kept climbing to Mother-in-law tree: \"Look, how beautiful the world is, you mother-in-law, you should dress up!\" \"I'm useless, what else should I dress up!\" Mother-in-law, I'll help you dress up. \"The morning glory climbed hard and climbed very high, and purple flowers bloomed in the green leaves, and was worn on the tree-in-law's head and body. Tree Mother-in-law is very happy. She was trembling with energy, and she had strength all over her. As a result, she had grown new branches and tender leaves. \"Thank you, Morning Glory,\" said Grandma Shu, \"you gave me flowers and you gave me confidence.\" Morning Glory was also very happy, and she played a beautiful piece of music with a small trumpet. In autumn, the morning glory girl is already asleep. She was in the arms of Mother-in-law, and slept soundly and sweetly. \"No, you will grow green leaves!\""}, {"nb": 1172, "data": "It 's so fun by the lotus pond. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond was covered with lotus leaves and filled with lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaves, like a green umbrella that is spread out, are shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond most. Hidden in a large water basin, use your hands to paddle and paddle, sway, sway into the lotus, hide under the lotus leaf in the wind, and listen to the frog howling. It's raining, the rain hits the lotus leaves, and it clicks, like an \"umbrella\" that really rests on our heads! The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully!"}, {"nb": 1173, "data": "Big shoes swing A baby elephant is wearing four big shoes. Run and run. One of the shoes has a hole in it. The remaining three were useless, and \"thump flutter\" was thrown into the grass. Doodle bears, furry balls, and mouses play ball together on the grass. The ball rolled and rolled into the grass. The Baotou went to find it, but it was not found; the Maomao ball went to find it, but it was not found; the Dudu bear went to find it, but it was not found. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? So big and so round, there are three more. \"Whose shoes? Whose shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wanted. The Baotou put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing. It was really fun to go around. What does the doodle bear do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot and plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled mouse, the small swing of the furry ball, and the flower of the doodle bear, and opened his eyes in surprise: \"I didn't expect that my shoes could be made so much fun Something. \"Baby elephants also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled wheelbarrow, the small swing of the fur ball, and the flowers of the bear, and opened their eyes in surprise:\" I did not expect that my shoes could be made So many fun things."}, {"nb": 1174, "data": "Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China. As a child, Yan Zhenqing was diligent and eager to learn, and preferred calligraphy. Because his family was poor and could not afford paper and pens, he practiced writing on the wall and on the ground with loess and branches. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy. Yan Zhenqing's teacher told him: \"What is the\" knowledge \"to learn calligraphy is hard work. Remember, people who don't work hard will never achieve anything.\" Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, old Honestly and earnestly work hard in accordance with the teacher's request. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher."}, {"nb": 1175, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wang Wang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mi\" is a cat barking, \"\u54a9\u54a9 \u54a9\" is a sheep barking, \"Oh oh oh\" is a rooster barking. The oriole's bark is as good as singing, but the parrot can learn to talk to people. Fish in the ocean bark just like animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of an octopus, as melodious as the sound of a piano. The lionfish makes a \"haha\" laugh, and the balloonfish also makes a \"snoring\" sound, as if the sleeping person was snoring. Animals on land make various sounds."}, {"nb": 1176, "data": "During the break, Huizhen and I like to go to the playground to watch the classmates play rope skipping. Once, when Mr. Wang, who was on duty on the playground, saw it, he taught us the basic skills of skipping ropes, such as how to take off and how to shake the ropes ... Huizhen is very athletic and can learn as soon as he learns. And I tried many times without success and often tripped over the rope with a clumsy hand. Huizhen said to me, \"It's okay, let's practice next time we take a break! I can practice with you, and I can definitely learn.\" In the rest of the rest, I worked hard with Huizhen on the playground. With the help of Huizhen, I gradually mastered some methods, and finally I can jump rope briskly. Both Huizhen and I laughed happily. With the help of Huizhen, I gradually mastered some methods, and finally I can jump rope briskly."}, {"nb": 1177, "data": "The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains. The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on the earth. Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful! The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland."}, {"nb": 1178, "data": "It is very difficult to see snow in Taiwan Province of my country. During the Spring Festival, the children saw beautiful snow in the shop window. It was made of white cotton. The children asked the teacher, \"Have you ever seen real snow?\" The teacher smiled and nodded. \"Where have you met?\" The children asked in surprise. The teacher said, \"When I was young, I was in my hometown.\" She pointed to Beijing on the map. The children asked the teacher, \"Have you ever seen real snow?"}, {"nb": 1179, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. Fox and crane It turned out that fox and crane were good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It put some soup on a plate and said, \"Please eat.\""}, {"nb": 1180, "data": "The little cat breeds fish. The farmers plant corn in the field. In autumn, they collect a lot of corn. Farmers planted peanuts in the field. In autumn, they collected a lot of peanuts. When the little cat saw it and planted the small fish in the ground, did it collect a lot of small fish? Farmers planted peanuts in the field. In autumn, they collected a lot of peanuts."}, {"nb": 1181, "data": "Jellyfish May Day, my mother took me to the marine aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel novel. Jellyfish is a mollusc that lives in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, they look soft and soft, they seem to break at the touch, and they look like blossoming \"mushrooms\" from a distance. They have blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... They look crystal clear, they look like parachutes floating in the ocean, swimming leisurely in the water, slowly and freely ... Adding a mystery to the ocean world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can make oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\". Jellyfish is a mollusc that lives in the ocean."}, {"nb": 1182, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am It won't be hit by people. \"The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother."}, {"nb": 1183, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward? . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods."}, {"nb": 1184, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10 Teachers' Day. Early in the morning I came to the school and saw all kinds of real and fake flowers on sale at the school gate. They were beautiful! I bought flowers and quickly ran into the classroom to lay out the blackboard with my classmates. When the other classmates are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. Unsurprisingly, the teacher came in an instant. When the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was shocked first, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this time, the class leader said a password: \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"I wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw the flowers on the blackboard. Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students themselves. The teacher was very happy and excitedly said, \"Thank you! Thank you classmates!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday. \"As soon as the teacher turned around, she saw colorful balloons and colorful text on the blackboard, as well as greeting cards made by the students themselves."}, {"nb": 1185, "data": "Little bean leaves are like a little stage. A little cormorant called on the bean leaves. Woke up a little beetle, called a little dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. Howling on the small stage was so good. It is a lively piece for the golden autumn! Howling on the small stage was so good."}, {"nb": 1186, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears, and monkeys played together in the woods. They saw the puppies building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we also build a house?\" \"Okay!\" Lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out. The kitten said, \"Not good, not good. I want to build the house by the river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river!\" The bear said, \"I want to live in a cave. Yes, let's dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened, jumped up, and said,\" What's the matter? I think it's better to live in a tree, that's more comfortable! \" Where is it? One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears and monkeys play together in the woods."}, {"nb": 1187, "data": "My daddy My daddy is tall and big, with white skin, thick arms and legs, and a big belly, very strong. Dad likes to laugh. When he smiles, he looks like a child and looks very cute. Dad always says that his hair is getting less and less, but I don't think it's getting much less. It's still the same as before. Dad likes to laugh like a child. Both mother and I love father very much. When Dad's shoulder hurts, my mother and I often massage my dad; Dad comes home late from work, and I rush to help my mother to cook hot meals for Dad, and Dad smiles and praises me: \"Good boy!\" Dad came home late from work, I rushed to help my mother cook hot meals for my dad, and my dad boasted with a smile: \"Good boy!"}, {"nb": 1188, "data": "Qi Baishi is a famous painter in China. He cherishes time very much, never wastes time, and always insists on himself with the phrase \"don't teach a day to spare\". Once, Qi Baishi had his 90th birthday. He was too late to send the last guests away. At this time he thought that the task of painting today has not been completed yet, and he should finish painting before going to bed, so he took up his pen to paint. Only after his family repeatedly discouraged him went to rest. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be tired, so he advised him to take a rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday. Once, Qi Baishi had his 90th birthday."}, {"nb": 1189, "data": "Handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the telephone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, picked up a basin of water, put a handkerchief in the water to soak it, and then applied soap to it. Then I rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and I got a lot of foam. After rubbing it, I washed it again with clean water and wrung the handkerchief. Take a look and see! There was no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one. I unscrewed the faucet, picked up a basin of water, put a handkerchief in the water to soak it, and then applied soap to it. Then I rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and I got a lot of foam."}, {"nb": 1190, "data": "The little monkey was not attentive to the math class. After school, he would not do math problems, so he went to the old cow's house and said, \"Hey! Old cow, how do you do this?\" The old cow ignored it. After a while, the little rabbit came to the old cow and said, \"Uncle Niu, would you please tell me about this problem?\" The old cow said patiently. \"The old cow ignored it."}, {"nb": 1191, "data": "Little grass By the road, on the banks of the river, inconspicuous little grasses fill nature with life. In the spring, a slight spring breeze blew, and the grass and the newly waking partners danced cheerfully. As they dance, they grow with the spring breeze. In the summer, the sun scorches the earth. People come to the grass and sit on the grass. The grass is like a loving mother who holds people in her arms, so that the tired people can eliminate the fatigue brought by the heat. She never cares what people give, prefers to contribute to people. In the autumn, a cool breeze blew, and she suddenly became pale and thin. The cold wind brought winter here, and the roots of the grass had penetrated deeply into the soil. When spring came the next year, she got out of the soil again. People come to the grass and sit on the grass. The grass is like a loving mother who holds people in her arms, so that the tired people can eliminate the fatigue brought by the heat."}, {"nb": 1192, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care."}, {"nb": 1193, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. He said to the little bee flying by, \"I'm a maggot, my name is a peacock."}, {"nb": 1194, "data": "Spiders There are about 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, the venom of most spiders does little harm to humans and animals. But there are many poisonous spiders. There is a kind of spider called Black Widow, which is very toxic, and it can be fatal if people and animals are stabbed. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it nets everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, its usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to destroy pests such as planthoppers, aphids, and spider mites, to increase food production, and they can also be used as medicine to treat diseases such as ulcers, prolapse, and sores. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors."}, {"nb": 1195, "data": "Flying a kite On Saturday afternoon, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites above the square! There are golden \"bees\", there are snow-white \"swans\", and silver-gray \"doves\". They fly freely and decorate the sky above Tiananmen Square colorfully. Flying a kite On Saturday afternoon, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites above the square!"}, {"nb": 1196, "data": "The beautiful sea and the sea are blue and wide. The beach is yellow and long and soft. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach. They picked up small shells and wore them into beautiful necklaces, which they hung on their chests. The children happily ran around on the beach and gave a series of joyous laughter to the sea. They picked up small shells and wore them into beautiful necklaces, which they hung on their chests."}, {"nb": 1197, "data": "\"Little Fat Duck\" My best friend will count Zhang Mei. She was very fat and full of flesh, with two thick and dark eyebrows, and two big eyes. But she is nearsighted and often squints her eyes at people. Because she was so fat, she slowly swelled when she walked, and her body shook like a \"chubby duck\". But she is nearsighted and often squints her eyes at people."}, {"nb": 1198, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace."}, {"nb": 1199, "data": "The grass is yellow, and the leaves are yellow. I heard the wind rustling on the leaves and rustling. The golden yellow leaves fluttered in the air like a beautiful butterfly. A little yellow leaf flew over my shoulder, and quietly said to me, \"I'm here!\" I put this little yellow leaf on my palm, and put it gently into a small river, little The yellow leaves turned into a golden boat. The autumn wind blew slightly, blowing the golden boat. The boat sailed slowly and slowly towards the distance ... a little yellow leaf flew over my shoulder and said to me quietly, \"I am here!"}, {"nb": 1200, "data": "The little monster who missed the spell learned a lot of spells from his father. He used spells to make gardens, castles, and gold and silver jewelry. Although the little monster can change a lot of things with spells, he is not happy at all, and there is no smile on his face. One day, for some reason, he missed the wrong spell and turned himself into a little bitch. The little monster limped along the forest while the little rabbit saw it and jumped all the way to help him pick up the things in his hand. The little monkey saw it and helped him down the high hillside. When the little lark saw it, he gave him many delicious fruits. When the little monsters said \"thank you\" to the little rabbit, the monkey, and the little lark, their faces all smiled sweetly. Xiao Jingwei then realized that the happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and accepting the help of others. Xiao Jingwei then realized that the happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and accepting the help of others."}, {"nb": 1201, "data": "The motherland 's mountains and rivers are beautiful and rumbling. The train is like a steed, and runs happily on the field. The car window is like a camera, taking photos of the event. One photo is the field. The fields are so big that they are too big to reach, and the roads divide the green fields into pieces. One photo is high mountains. The mountains are so high, so high, that they can't reach the top. There are mountains, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder. One photo is green water. The water surface is wide and wide, so wide that it cannot reach the shore. Rumble, Rumble. The train is like a horse, running happily on the field. The mountains and rivers can't be seen. The motherland is beautiful. The car window is like a camera, taking photos of the event."}, {"nb": 1202, "data": "Sun Moon Lake is a beautiful lake in the central part of Taiwan Province of China. There is an island in Sun Moon Lake that divides the lake in half. One side of the lake looks like a round sun called \"Sun Lake\"; the other side looks like a crooked moon called \"Moon Lake\". The two lakes are connected by water, like a big green jade plate. An island is like a pearl in a jade plate. Sun Moon Lake is surrounded by mountains, and the mountains are densely wooded. The water in Sun Moon Lake is deep. The mountains and forests are reflected in the lake, and the lakes and mountains are very beautiful. I love the beautiful Sun Moon Lake and I love the Taiwan island of the motherland. Sun Moon Lake is a beautiful lake in the central part of Taiwan Province of China."}, {"nb": 1203, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag."}, {"nb": 1204, "data": "Trees that don't deciduous The cold wind blows, and the yellow leaves drive down the cold wind gently. But pine trees and holly are very beautiful in green clothes all year round. Why is this? It turns out that the leaves of pine trees are coniferous, like needles. Water does not slip away from the leaves. They are not afraid of water shortage, so they don't need fallen leaves. Holly 's leaves are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the water will not slip away, so they are not deciduous in winter. In fact, they are sometimes falling leaves, and only careless children say they can't drop leaves. After they have dropped their leaves, new leaves will continue to grow. Holly 's leaves are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the water will not slip away, so they are not deciduous in winter."}, {"nb": 1205, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet.Everyone has a pair of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes need not be the same as mine. Yellow or blue, gray or green, what is the difference? As long as they open, they can see the big sun. Your hair is dark, and his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful is the corolla. In this vast world, children open like flowers. Some are dark and some are light like the most beautiful bouquets. Some are dark and some are light like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 1206, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float."}, {"nb": 1207, "data": "In the early winter morning of the mist girl, the mist girl came flying with a white veil. She came to a beautiful garden and covered the flowers with layers of white veil. The flowers said, \"Thank you, Mist Girl, we are thirsty, and you sent us nectar.\" Mist Girl came to the winding road again, and she thought, \"Let me dress up the road.\" She covered the white gauze one by one on the highway. He thought the highway was more beautiful. But the highway said, \"Mist girl, don't do this, the sister of the car will have an opinion.\" Sure enough came the voice of the sister of the car: \"Mist girl, your kindness will make me invisible to the road, you still go back!\" Mist The girl was upset, crying hummingly, and her tears fell to the ground. At this time, the father-in-law came out. He stretched out two warm big hands and wiped away the tears for the misty girl, comforting her and said, \"Child, you should rest!\" The misty girl was holding the white veil and drifted away with a smile. She covered the white gauze one by one on the highway. He thought the highway was more beautiful."}, {"nb": 1208, "data": "Little rabbit's spring clothes Spring is here, and the creatures on the earth are renewed. The mother rabbit said to the little rabbit, \"We should change clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket on her body and said, \"No, the white leather jacket is beautiful!\" After that, we went to the woods to play. The little rabbit saw the starling wearing a flower dress, and asked strangely, \"Why did you change the white clothes into a flower dress?\" The starling said, \"It is not easy for the enemy to find the spring when you change into a flower dress.\" Bump into a frog. The frog just woke up from hibernation. After showering, his whole body was green. He said to the little rabbit, \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper jumped up and was wearing green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to bounce in the grass. Mom said, it's very suitable to wear this kind of clothes. You should go and change the spring clothes!\" Rabbit went home quickly to change clothes. My mother laughed and said, \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit saw that she had grown a lot of gray hairs and put on a gray spring dress! The mother rabbit said to the rabbit, \"We should change clothes!"}, {"nb": 1209, "data": "The colorful \"Children 's Day\" today is the \"Children' s Day\" International Children 's Day and it is our own holiday. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags fluttered around the school. The students were all trembling. The bright red scarves were particularly dazzling, and the laughter went straight into the sky. The wonderful show began. See, the trumpet player and the tambourine have their own postures and their own blowing and playing styles. Wonderful shows one by one, the little singers let go of their bright voices, and the beautiful voices spread throughout the campus. The little girls danced in beautiful dresses. The audience watched it with interest and bursts of warm applause from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over and the campus gradually returned to peace. We reluctantly left the campus. Unconsciously, the show was over and the campus gradually returned to peace. We reluctantly left the campus."}, {"nb": 1210, "data": "Mr. Ma Hu Once upon a time, there was a painter. One day, he had just painted a tiger's head, and a friend came to ask him to paint a horse. He added a horse body to the tiger's head painting, and the friend stopped the painting. The painter hung the painting on the wall of his own home. From then on, people called him \"sloppy painter\". One day, his eldest son went out hunting, saw a horse, thought it was a tiger, and shot the horse with an arrow, but was beaten; the younger son saw a tiger in the wild, and thought it was a horse, and wanted to ride It was eaten by the tiger. Mr. Sloppy cried a lot, and determined that he would take things seriously in the future and stop being sloppy. The younger son saw a tiger in the wild and thought it was a horse. He wanted to ride on it, but was eaten by the tiger."}, {"nb": 1211, "data": "June 18th is the birthday of the bunny, and many small animals congratulate it. Little goats give vegetables, calves give milk, little monkeys give peaches, little chickens give bugs, little cats give fish. Let 's sing together and wish happy birthday to the rabbits. June 18th is the birthday of the bunny, and many small animals congratulate it."}, {"nb": 1212, "data": "The examination before the rain is taking place at the animal weather station. The examiner is Dr. Frog. When the sun is clear and the sky is full of white clouds, the frog asks the candidate: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer was the turtle. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I think my back is wet. It's raining today afternoon.\" The frog said, \"The turtle's back is wet, it's a sign of rain. You got it right.\" The ants said to the frog, \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the rain followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog against the ground and said,\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" No problem , Swallows fly low, heavy rain is coming. \"So they were all accepted. At this time, the swallow flew to the frog against the ground and said, \"It's raining in the afternoon.\""}, {"nb": 1213, "data": "A self-righteous \"smart man\" hurried on a donkey with a bag on his shoulders. Others asked, \"Why don't you put your bag on the donkey's back?\" The donkey rider looked at the interlocutor and said, \"How can I be so stupid? The donkey is holding me up. On it, do n\u2019t you crush the donkey? \u201dA self-righteous\u201c smart guy \u201dhurried on the donkey, carrying a bag on his shoulders."}, {"nb": 1214, "data": "The green villain book The green villain book; The little tree is green, the little tree is a happy little man book, and the bird reads with its head crooked; The most beautiful words are written on each green leaf, and the most beautiful patterns are painted The bird's reading sound is crisp and beautiful, flying into the depths of the mountains ...; bird, bird, what do you write and draw in the book? Yes No Andersen Fairy? Are there four masterpieces and novels? Little bird, can you tell me? I climbed up to the trunk barefoot, but the bird flew away and flew to another tree; in the spring woods, there is a little man's book that the birds can't read and can't read. It sounds nice again, flying into the depths of the mountains ..."}, {"nb": 1215, "data": "Impatiens In June, the impatiens gradually bloomed, some like butterflies, and some like pompoms. There are pink, crimson, purple, and white. The girls picked the petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to grandma, Bai Fengxian can be treated with Chinese medicine! Grandpa said, planting impatiens in front of the house can drive away the poisonous snake. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube nucleus and changes color from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people touch it with their hands, it will explode immediately, the shell will roll up, and the black seed in the middle will be far away. Mom said that this is a special function of the Impatiens seed. Fengxian mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time."}, {"nb": 1216, "data": "Animal Moms Dolls Animal moms have various ways to bring dolls. The mother chicken always spreads her two wings and walks with her baby chick. The mother kangaroo has a big pocket on her belly, and the dolls are often packed inside, like a big cradle. The most interesting thing is that there is a fish called cichlid. The small fish doll often gets into the mother's mouth. Mommy 's mouth is the doll' s home. Mommy 's mouth is the doll' s home."}, {"nb": 1217, "data": "Little cats Make friends Little cats visit grandma. A small yellow dog lies under the big tree at the village entrance. The little cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog barked, and pounced on the little cat. The cat was so scared that it turned around and ran, tripped over the roots of the tree, and fell into the mud. The eighth brother on the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach fire, and scolded him: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" Starling also said politely: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" You have to wipe your tears straight: \"Grandma, little yellow dog and my eighth bully me.\" Grandma said distressed: \"My little obedient, just blame you for being too disrespectful of others. If you are polite to others, others will treat you too Friendly! \"After listening to the grandmother's words, Xiaohua cat kindly said to the little yellow dog,\" I'm sorry! \"Xiaohua cat said to the starling brother,\" Friend, hello! \"Starling also said to the Xiaohua cat,\" Friend, hello! \" Xiaohua cat said happily: \"Grandma, I understand. To be good to others, you must be nice to others!\" Xiaohua cat made friends to visit Grandma."}, {"nb": 1218, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. Then the monkey knew that he had been fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's not easy to believe what others say, and it's easier to be deceived if you trust others!\" After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water."}, {"nb": 1219, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky?"}, {"nb": 1220, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, the wicker is green, and the peach blossoms are bright. Spring is in the air, and the wind is warm, and the swallows fly. Spring is in the water, fish chasing, ducks playing in the water. Spring is in the field, the young wheat is green, and the cauliflower is golden. Spring is everywhere, and spring is full of people! Where is spring?"}, {"nb": 1221, "data": "When it comes to what is the best, parents will always say, \"The obedient daughter is the best.\" Uncle Uncle who loves drinking will say, \"The wine is the best.\" Cong Cong said that knowledge is the best. Because knowledge is a key. Only with knowledge can we open the door to science. Only with knowledge can we open the door to science."}, {"nb": 1222, "data": "Light rain, light rain. The light rain polished the road, the light rain polished the roof, and the light rain polished my shoes. Alas, it's light rain. The light rain polished the big trees, the light rain polished the mountains, and the light rain polished my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is a elephant's nose. Booming, light rain is growing up. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is a elephant's nose."}, {"nb": 1223, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I came to the river with a shovel and a sapling. I dug a pit with a shovel and carefully planted the saplings. When I saw her, she smiled and asked me, \"Child, what tree do you plant?\" I replied loudly, \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be presented to children all over the world. Spread happiness. \"My mother stroked my head and said kindly,\" Let's wish the happy tree grow up quickly, so that every child in the world can share happiness! \"I dug a pit with a shovel and carefully planted Sapling."}, {"nb": 1224, "data": "The beautiful bear polluted the bear and planted a lot of flowers. The yard smelled fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot, but the bear said, \"My flowers are not for sale, I just give them away. Come to pick flowers on June 5!\" On the 5th, the bear carried a pot of potted flowers onto a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and give you a pot of flowers\" was inserted on it. The puppies understand that today is World Environment Day, and the bears are protecting the environment, and I want to participate. Jingle bells, tricycles crossing alleys, crossing the street, the puppy ran and shouted: \"beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" When the kittens and rabbits heard it, they went out, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Monkey Grandma arrived with a basket of waste batteries, the flowers had already been delivered. Monkey Grandma smiled and said, \"It doesn't matter. To care for the environment is to care for our lives.\" The beautiful polluted bear grows many flowers. The puppy wanted to buy a pot, but the bear said, \"My flowers are not for sale, I only give them away."}, {"nb": 1225, "data": "The space dining table is very special. It is magnetic and can hold knives, forks, plates, etc. on the table. When eating, astronauts must fix their feet on the floor and their bodies on the seat to avoid floating. Don't be anxious when eating. Be gentle with the bowl and move too fast. The rice will drift away from the bowl. The pickled vegetables are decisive. They must be pinched and pinpointed. The best effect is to use a fork. After the food is clamped, open your mouth quickly and close your mouth quickly; otherwise, the food will fly out of your mouth. Don't be anxious when eating. Be gentle with the bowl and move too fast. The rice will drift away from the bowl."}, {"nb": 1226, "data": "Cats are good at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, it can turn around, and it can recognize even the smallest sound in time. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice."}, {"nb": 1227, "data": "The beautiful sea and the sea are blue and wide. The beach is yellow and long and soft. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach. They picked up small shells and wore them into beautiful necklaces, which they hung on their chests. The children happily ran around on the beach and gave a series of joyous laughter to the sea. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach."}, {"nb": 1228, "data": "The hop frog in the vegetable shop hops to live by a pond. The little rabbit saw it and said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant radish here, it will grow big and red.\" Hearing, he took the radish seeds and scattered them in the ground. The lamb said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant Chinese cabbage here, you will grow big and good.\" Leaped and scattered the cabbage seeds in the ground. The bear said, \"Uncle Frog, when you plant cucumbers here, you will grow many and tender.\" Jump and plant cucumbers again. From spring to summer, the diligent jump has been busy in the vegetable field, watering and fertilizing. In autumn, the jumping pond became a large vegetable garden. There are red radishes, tomatoes, tender cucumbers, beans, big green cabbage, and lettuce. Jumping and worrying: How can you finish eating so many dishes? He thought, thought, got an idea. The next day, Hop Hop put a variety of vegetables at the door and put a big sign on it: Hop Hop Vegetable Shop. Little rabbits, lambs, and bears bought the vegetables they loved; Miss Hedgehog, who came a long way, bought a bunch of lettuce; Mrs. Kangaroo took a cart of cucumbers; Mr. Zebra bought a basket of carrots for the little grandson. In this way, all the animals by the pond and in the forest have come. At night, all the jumping vegetables were sold out. He was glad to think that the idea of \u200b\u200bgrowing vegetables was really good. Not only could he see old friends, but also meet many new friends. The little bear said, \"Uncle Frog, when you plant cucumbers here, you will grow a lot and tender."}, {"nb": 1229, "data": "Once upon a time, there were two generals. They went to buy a shield together. The shield man picked up a shield and showed them. The general standing on the left of the shield looked at it and said, \"This gold shield is very good!\" The general standing on the right said, \"You're wrong, this is a silver shield.\" The two generals argued like this. The shield maker said: \"This shield is gold on one side and silver on the other. How can you look at only one side?\" The shield maker said, \"This shield is gold on one side and silver on the other.\""}, {"nb": 1230, "data": "What are they doing in winter? In the winter, the little monkey climbed up the pine tree and asked the squirrel to play. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to the little bees to play. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter, and I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the soil hole near the withered grass, which read: \"I slept in my home for a winter Friends, please don't disturb me-oh. \"There was a cave in the woods, and the monkey saw a few bats inside with the claws holding the crack between the stones, his body hanging upside down, and he slept soundly! The little monkey had no choice but to climb up the tree and catch the branches to swing on the swing. What are they doing in winter? In the winter, the little monkey climbs up the pine tree and looks for squirrels to play with."}, {"nb": 1231, "data": "One day, a pig went to the stable to visit its good friend, the old horse, and was going to stay there for the night. It's getting dark, it's time to sleep. The pig got into the haystack and lay down comfortably. However, after a long time, the horse was still standing still. The pig asked the horse why he didn't sleep. The horse replied that it stood like this even if it was already asleep. The pig felt strange, and said, \"How do you sleep while standing? This is not comfortable at all.\" Ma replied, \"Ease, this is your habit. As horses, we are used to Mercedes. So, it is in When we sleep, we are always ready to run. \"As horses, we are used to running."}, {"nb": 1232, "data": "In autumn, the old pine trees are full of fruits, and the yellow pine nuts make the whole mountain fragrant. The old pine tree sent an invitation to the squirrels to let them soon harvest the pine nuts. Here comes the squirrels, one by one, and the old pine tree smiles and sends them off. In autumn, the old pine trees are full of fruits, and the yellow pine nuts make the whole mountain fragrant."}, {"nb": 1233, "data": "The colorful \"Children 's Day\" today is the \"Children' s Day\" International Children 's Day and it is our own holiday. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags fluttered around the school, the students were all trembling, the bright red scarves were particularly dazzling, and the laughter went straight into the sky. The wonderful show began. Look, the trumpet player and the tambourine have their own postures and their own blowing and playing styles. The wonderful programs followed one another, and the little singers let go of their bright voices, and the beautiful voices spread throughout the campus. The little girls danced in beautiful dresses. The audience watched it with interest, and bursts of applause burst out from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over and the campus gradually returned to peace. We reluctantly left the campus. The wonderful show began."}, {"nb": 1234, "data": "Don't cut the earth's hair, don't cut it wildly, the forest is my hair. It \u2019s good for people to keep their hair. I keep my hair against the sand. It \u2019s good for people to keep their hair. I keep my hair against the sand."}, {"nb": 1235, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is big and heavy at first, and it \u2019s even heavier with satellites or something. So I had to be sent to the sky by a rocket. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I was able to fly into space orbit by myself and keep flying around the earth. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can taxi and land on my own like an airplane, so I can reuse it instead of scrapping it like a rocket just once. My job is to send all kinds of satellites to space and bring the faulty satellites back to the ground for inspection and repair."}, {"nb": 1236, "data": "Here comes the wolf Once upon a time, a child often raised sheep on the mountain. One day, he shouted down the mountain, \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" When people ran up the mountain to rescue him, he smiled and said, \"Without a wolf, I lied to you!\" Lied people again. On this day, the wolf really came. The sheep-raising child shouted in shock: \"The wolf is here! The wolf is here!\" But no one came to save him. As a result, the wolf killed several sheep. Since then, he never lied again. \"When people ran up the mountain to rescue him, he smiled and said,\" No wolf, I lie to you!"}, {"nb": 1237, "data": "Rainbow and ancient bridge After the rain, a rainbow appeared in the blue sky. That rainbow is pretty. The old bridge after the rain is not like that. It is simple, silent, and roots the ancient roots on the solid ground, allowing people to come and go freely. Rainbow looked at the ancient bridge and squeezed out a laugh from the gap between the teeth: \"Hee hee! You can also call the bridge! Look at my colorful and high-hanging blue sky. Little old man, you deserve to be called a bridge too! \"The ancient bridge was silent, still silent, welcoming people from south to north. The rainbow became more proud. However, even he couldn't figure out what was going on. Suddenly, he found that he had gradually disappeared. But the ancient bridge still stood solidly. Rainbow and ancient bridge After the rain, a rainbow appeared in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1238, "data": "It 's so fun by the lotus pond. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond was covered with lotus leaves and filled with lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaves, like a green umbrella that is spread out, are shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond most. Hidden in a large water basin, use your hands to paddle and paddle, sway, sway into the lotus, hide under the lotus leaf in the wind, and listen to the frog howling. It's raining, the rain hits the lotus leaves, and it clicks, like an \"umbrella\" that really rests on our heads! The pond was covered with lotus leaves and filled with lotus flowers."}, {"nb": 1239, "data": "It's raining It's raining, it's overcast, the clouds are low, and the sun is hiding. The swallows swept over the treetops, the fish jumped out of the water, and the ants whispered, and whispered, \"It's going to rain, it's going to rain! Move quickly! Move quickly!\" After a while, ticking, ticking ... The raindrops fell !! It fell on the ground like a snare drum; it fell into the pond and made the water laugh with blossoming flowers. Looking up at the sky, the raindrops are connected into silver lines, which are crooked by the wind, like drunken wine, and like dancing. After a while, wow, wow ... the raindrops gathered together and turned into streams, flowing on the ground. She washed the stone steps, washed the playground, and the various asphalt roads became slippery and shiny. We are not afraid of the rain, bare heads, bare feet, running after Yuhua. Some carry sandals in their hands, some wear raincoats, and some wave sticks, like a group of ducks ... in the rain, we go to school. Looking up at the sky, the raindrops are connected into silver lines, which are crooked by the wind, like drunken wine, and like dancing."}, {"nb": 1240, "data": "My good friend Recently, my father brought me a good friend. He is not tall, with square heads and large faces. Sit there quietly and talk very little. What a great skill he has! Every day, as soon as I get home, he becomes my best friend and teacher. We read books, drew pictures, and played games together ... my friend is awesome, without him he would not. Start the question right and fast, and tell him what he never forgets. He can keep me out of the house and know everything I want to know. How about my good friend? Boy, do you know who he is? My friend is awesome. He wouldn't be without him."}, {"nb": 1241, "data": "It 's autumn and the goat teacher takes the little animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. The goat teacher said, \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you. What color do you like?\" The bear said, \"I like gold, because rice is golden and golden, and it brings us harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said, \"I like red, because apples are red. Red apples are sweet and sweet, and they symbolize enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said, \"I like purple, because eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobleness.\" The goat The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautiful our world is dressed!\" Little squirrel said, \"I like purple because eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobility."}, {"nb": 1242, "data": "Mishutka and Stasik sat on a bench in a small garden and chatted. They are different from other children in chatting, and they talk about big talk and falsehood, as if they are the most bizarre to see who is speaking. \"How old are you?\" Mishutka asked. \"Ninety-five. What about you?\" \"I'm 140 years old.\" Mishutka said, \"Do you know, I used to be as tall as Uncle Boria, but only later became so short? Now, Stasik said immediately, \"Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult later.\" \"I was able to swim across the river.\" Misut Card added. \"Huh, you can swim across the river, I can swim across the sea.\" \"What's so amazing about the sea! I can swim across the ocean!\" \"I used to fly!\" \"Don't brag, you fly me \"Not right now, I have forgotten how to fly.\" Stasik immediately said, \"Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult at a later time. ."}, {"nb": 1243, "data": "The Yangtze River-the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River."}, {"nb": 1244, "data": "The happy bird The big tree blossomed, and the tree bears fruit. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow and white, what a beautiful flower! Come and listen, \"Squeak!\" \"Oh!\" \"Oh!\" What a lovely song! Mom laughed and said, \"This is a bird, a beautiful bird, a happy bird.\" Ah! Are all the birds the children of the mother of the big tree? Big tree mother, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ... Mom laughed and said, \"This is a bird, a beautiful bird, a happy bird."}, {"nb": 1245, "data": "There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda. The giant panda has a fat body, a short tail, and smooth hair. The limbs and shoulders are black, and the body and head are white. The most interesting are a pair of round black eyes and a pair of furry black ears. The giant panda was very lively when he was young, and liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I do n\u2019t love much, I often hold my head in my paws, and sleep loudly. When he was asleep, you went to tease him, and he opened his eyes to look at you, and fell asleep again. When he woke up, he wobbled his fat body and walked around to find something to eat. He loves fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. The number of giant pandas is small and only produced in China. He is a very precious animal and a national treasure of our country. There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda."}, {"nb": 1246, "data": "The black swan The black swan heard everyone saying that the goose is beautiful in the daytime, and thought, \"I'm not born black, it's born white!\" Hi ! If only one day I could exchange a feather with a white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. Taking advantage of the sleeping time of the white swan, it quietly smeared the ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, just as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced, \"You see, the white swan has become black, I have become white, the white swan is ugly, and I am beautiful!\" They laughed at the black swan. The Black Swan was puzzled for a moment. At this time, the eldest sister came over and said earnestly: \"Sister, we usually say that you are ugly, and that white swan beauty does not refer to your appearance, but to your inner heart. Usually, white swan thinks much for everyone, which is its advantage ... you think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, wouldn't it prove your ugliness? In fact, what use is smearing and disguising yourself, it is not the original shape after a heavy rain. If you really If you want to lose your ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct the shortcomings. \"While the white swan was asleep, it quietly smeared the ink on it and wiped itself with white powder."}, {"nb": 1247, "data": "My little paradise This summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, chrysanthemum, pomegranate, asparagus, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught a lot of small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the small fish will swim over and grab the rice grains at once. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room."}, {"nb": 1248, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! There is a helping cat in the cabin."}, {"nb": 1249, "data": "Spring is here and winter is over, and the breeze quietly brings spring. The soil in the ground was frozen and became loose, stepping on it softly, like stepping on a thick carpet. The wheat seedlings woke up and stretched their tender green leaves. There is not even a thin piece of ice in the stream. Water is flowing slowly. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled like fish scales, and a few ducks jumped into the water, swimming happily. On the bank of the river, the willows sprouted, and the soft branches swayed gently in the breeze. A frog emerged from the hole and crawled slowly by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and quietly listened to the pupils reading and singing. It came to the playground and happily played games with the pupils. Spring is here and winter is over, and the breeze quietly brings spring."}, {"nb": 1250, "data": "The pomegranate flower is spring, and the pomegranate flower is in bloom. Its flowers are orange-red, the stamens are yellow, and there are some thin petals on the head, and from time to time they emit a burst of fragrance. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers had larger and larger belly, and soon they were as big as eggs. After a few weeks passed, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell, and the pomegranates opened their mouths and laughed, how tidy the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Here comes the autumn. The pomegranate is ripe. Pick it down and taste it. Hey! It is sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down. The pomegranate flower is spring, and the pomegranate flower is in bloom."}, {"nb": 1251, "data": "Today, my mother took us to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market! There are chubby bean sprouts, red radish, round winter melon, and tender bamboo shoots. My mother picked up a green, sickle-like vegetable and asked me what it was called. I replied: \"Edamame.\" The aunt who sold the vegetables smiled and said, \"This isn't Edamame. It's a sword bean.\" The aunt said with a smile, \"This is not edamame, it's sword beans."}, {"nb": 1252, "data": "A deer and a lion are beside the clear spring, and a deer is bowing its head to drink water. The water surface is like a mirror, which clearly reflects the figure of a deer. The deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This was his most proud place. Look again at the two thin legs on the water surface, supporting the body weakly, and the deer can't help but feel discouraged. Lu Zhengsi froze, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run away. His thin legs ran light and flexible, leaving the lion far behind. The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but the two thick legs were powerless, and he could only watch the deer escape and watch. Due to panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle tripped the two high horns of the deer. The deer was desperately struggling, but still couldn't get rid of it, instead it made a loud noise. The lion came after him from behind. The lion darted at the deer and caught it. Deer said before dying: \"What I thought was bad looks saved me, but what I trusted so much killed me.\" Deer said before dying: \"What thought bad looks saved me, and What I trusted so much killed me."}, {"nb": 1253, "data": "Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to stop on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red paws hold the reeds tightly. Its color is very bright, and the feathers on its head are like an olive-colored turban, embroidered with emerald green patterns. The feathers on the back are like a light green coat, and the feathers on the abdomen are like an auburn shirt. It is small and exquisite. Underneath a pair of translucent and flexible eyes, there are a pair of pointed and long mouths. The kingfisher's song is crisp, and love flies against the water. In a blink of an eye, he stopped lightly on the reed stalk. It watched motionlessly at the water surface with microwaves, waiting for the small fishes to swim up to the water surface. In a blink of an eye, he stopped lightly on the reed stalk."}, {"nb": 1254, "data": "Six dolls, seven pits and a hot day, the seven little boys led by Vrancik came to the river. They built roads and built bunkers on the beach. Tired of playing, he fluttered and jumped into the river. They swam and barked in the river, and the white water splashed into a slice. Vrancik looked at his partner and counted one by one: \"One, two, three ...\" He clicked it several times, and only counted six. He panicked and said, \"Hey! Who was submerged in the water? When we came there were seven, but now there are only six!\" The children panicked and clicked a few. \"Six! Only six!\" They cried one after the other. Some of them used branches to fish in the river; others slammed into the river to touch them, yelling loudly, and making a mess. When Vrancik felt something in the water, he yelled: \"Here! I'll catch him!\" \"Grasp him, don't let go!\" The group yelled desperately to Vrancik Swim. At this time, Vranzik dragged a leather boot from the water. \"Well, what can I do?\" The children were so anxious that they were crying. There was an old man fishing near the river. He saw the children's confusion, heard the children's exclamation, and said to them, \"Hurry up ashore. Everyone sit in a pit on the beach, and then count . \"The children listened to the fisherman and went to the beach to sit in a pit. Vrancik ordered a few pits: \"Seven! No more, no less, seven.\" At this time the children were all happy, jumping and jumping with joy. In this way, six children sat out of one pit with seven butts. Some of them slammed into the river and yelled, making a mess."}, {"nb": 1255, "data": "The male goose \"lays an egg\" remembers the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and still remembers it so much that I can't help laughing. That winter vacation, I took my big yellow dog to the countryside to walk home. A big white goose walked so fat that it shook. I stared at its big belly. It seemed like it was about to lay an egg! Let me urge it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere. The big yellow dog rushed over. I quickly held the big white goose and let it scream and press his belly hard. Suddenly someone \"stunned\" me from behind, and I stood beside stunned prisoner like a defeated captive. The big yellow dog waiting for the reward saw that the situation was not good, and ran away with its tail. \"What kind of ghost are you doing again?\" I hesitated a moment, and finally said it. He said, \"How can this goose lay an egg? It's a male goose!\" He, white tossing for a long time, really angry! A big white goose walked so fat that it shook. I stared at its big belly. It seemed like it was about to lay an egg!"}, {"nb": 1256, "data": "Bees and butterflies In the morning, the weather was particularly sunny. The little bee said goodbye to her mother and went to the garden to collect honey. The garden is full of flowers and the little bee is so happy that it sings buzzingly while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"Little bee with eyes, you look so ugly, what are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee listened and came home sadly. The mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's the matter with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said, and her mother said earnestly: \"Child, beauty is not beautiful. The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey again. A butterfly flew over and said, \"Little bee with bulging eyes, you look so ugly, what else are you flying here?"}, {"nb": 1257, "data": "Yeti stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, little cat and little dog came, and said to the snowman, \"We are looking for spring. When we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, and when they saw a row of budding willow branches, the puppy broke a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a bunch of tadpoles, the kittens took a bottle. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone. Yeti stands alone in the field."}, {"nb": 1258, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am It won't be hit by anyone. \"Suddenly a little light appeared in front of him and gradually approached."}, {"nb": 1259, "data": "Five sweet grapes Three little squirrels found on the vine the last bunch of grapes left over from summer. There are a total of 20 grapes in this bunch. The little squirrels did an arithmetic around the bunch of grapes: three of them, plus their mother, were four in total, divided into 20 grapes. \"Five per person!\" The little squirrels shouted with joy. A little squirrel came forward and took away five green grapes. He said, \"I have eaten sour grapes, and my mother can eat sweet grapes!\" Another little squirrel came forward and took five more grapes. Small grapes, he said, \"I eat small grapes, and my mother can eat big grapes!\" Another little squirrel came forward and took away five grapes that were a little broken. He said, \"I ate the broken grape Mothers can eat good grapes! \"In this way, three little squirrels gave their mothers the five most ripe, largest and best sweet grapes. It is a sweet grape with a bite of honey. Five sweet grapes Three little squirrels found on the vine the last bunch of grapes left over from summer."}, {"nb": 1260, "data": "Gift for Mom Mom 's birthday is coming up soon. I want to give mom a gift. What should I give? I drew a big red flower that my mother liked and wrote Happy Birthday to my mother. \"I gave the painting to my mother, who saw it and happily said,\" I really like the gift you made. \"Mom 's Gift Mom' s birthday is coming up soon. I want to give mom a gift."}, {"nb": 1261, "data": "Where I lived in my hometown, the leaves would speak softly, the grass would shake his hand gently, and the flowers would smile with a red face. In the places where I lived as a child, the birds would sing happily, the streams would flow happily, and the sky would emit a fragrance. Where I lived as a child, a thin line popped out and quietly flew into my atrium, making me feel infinitely warm and full of sunlight. In the places where I lived as a child, the birds would sing happily, the streams would flow happily, and the sky would emit a fragrance."}, {"nb": 1262, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, and sweet-scented osmanthus blooms. The sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four tiny petals and is very cute. As soon as the wind blew, little osmanthus flowers fell, and it began to rain golden osmanthus. Dad told me that sweet-scented osmanthus has different colors. The golden yellow is called Jin Gui, the silvery white is called Yin Gui, and the orange-red is called Dan Gui. The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, and sweet-scented osmanthus blooms. The sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community."}, {"nb": 1263, "data": "Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles Open Stores Brothers and Sisters of Little Turtles want to open a small store. What kind of store should I open? They asked the elephant. The elephant said, \"I have a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippopotamus, and they said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with a big mouth!\" How about it? Mother Kangaroo tells them: \"I opened a newspaper shop and put the newspapers in big pockets. I can sell them everywhere.\" Brothers and sisters of the little turtles are sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brothers and sisters were no longer sad, and they opened a pancake shop. Let the sun bake its own back shell and spread pancakes on the back shell. Bake it, bake it, and it smells delicious. The little turtle's sesame cake was fragrant and crispy, and there was a beautiful pattern on it. Everyone came to buy it. Let the sun bake its own back shell and spread pancakes on the back shell."}, {"nb": 1264, "data": "The cute aspen is here in spring. The little aspen is shaking in the wind. It says that the sky is too dirty, and it is necessary to sweep the dark clouds. Summer is here, and Xiao Baiyang is standing by the roadside. It says it's hot, and it's going to give the dolls an umbrella. In autumn, Xiao Baiyang took off her green shirt. It said that it was cold, and the leaves could shield the earth from the wind and cold. Summer is here, and Xiao Baiyang is standing by the roadside. It says it's hot, and it's going to give the dolls an umbrella."}, {"nb": 1265, "data": "Go to the park today. The weather is really good. There are a few white clouds floating in the blue sky, and the golden sun is shining on the earth. My parents and I went boating in the park. I sat at the bow of the boat and sang and sang, and my parents sang with me while rowing. I see how beautiful the scenery in the park is! There is a small bridge in the distance. There is a pavilion near the bridge. The bridge and the pavilion are planted with flowers and trees. A group of white geese swim in the water happily. Walking around the grass, the birds jumping around the tree, a group of children playing the eagle-and-chicken game under the big tree ... Today, we had a great time. There is a small bridge in the distance. There is a pavilion near the bridge. The small bridge and the pavilion are planted with flowers and trees;"}, {"nb": 1266, "data": "White water vapor. In the winter, when children talk to others outdoors, have they found that as long as they open their mouths, a lot of white vapor will come out of their mouths? That \u2019s because the outdoor temperature in winter is very low, and the body temperature of the human body is higher than the temperature of the outside air. The breath exhaled from people \u2019s mouth is hot air. , It will immediately condense into very small tiny water droplets. These small water droplets make the sunlight look like white water vapor. That \u2019s because the outdoor temperature in winter is very low, and the body temperature of the human body is higher than the temperature of the outside air. The breath exhaled from people \u2019s mouth is hot air. , It will immediately condense into very small tiny water droplets. These small water droplets make the sunlight look like white water vapor."}, {"nb": 1267, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the elder sister rabbit, the younger duck sister, and the younger squirrel brother. One morning, Sister Rabbit came to her rooster brother: \"I'm going to buy radishes and lend me a basket.\" The rooster said, \"I will use it myself, don't borrow it!\" At noon, the duck sister came to rooster brother: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"The cock said,\" I'm going to eat, I'm not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to find the cock brother:\" I'll go up the hill tomorrow morning to chop firewood, please call me! \"The cock said,\" I'm weak Don't call! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the roof of the cock's house, and the cock screamed and jumped. Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof. It was fixed in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others! With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is!"}, {"nb": 1268, "data": "Home like picking up some fallen leaves in the suburbs. After returning home, home is like a collage of fallen leaves into a beautiful picture. Dad said, \"I never thought that if you were so young, you would know how to use waste.\" Jiaru asked, \"What is waste?\" Dad said, \"Waste is the uselessness of things that are useful again. . For example: old newspapers, soda cans, glass bottles, etc. can make fun and useful things again. \"Jiaru said,\" Waste use is very meaningful! We must support environmental protection and support waste use. Dad, please teach me quickly Do it! \"Dad said,\" Let's make a beautiful vase together. You go and prepare old newspapers, glue, color materials, and soda cans. \"After returning home, the family would collage the fallen leaves into a beautiful picture."}, {"nb": 1269, "data": "The river and the sea rose for a day, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and thought he was amazing. He swam proudly into the sea, but he couldn't see the shore. He said, \"Ah, I thought I was big, and the sea was bigger than mine!\" The sea heard it, and said to him with a smile, \"Yeah! I am much bigger than you. But, if there are no countless rivers flowing to I'm here, I won't be so big! \"Xiaohe listened, admiring the sea even more. \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1270, "data": "Cry in the rain. Will it cry in the light of rain? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why does the little girl cry? Light rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad. Her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl 's tears continued to flow after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Xiao Yu cried in the little girl 's tears. \"Eh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I'm drizzle!\" Drizzle cried, \"Because you can't see anything, I'm sad for you!\" \"Thank you, drizzle!\" The little girl smiled, \"I don't Cry, do n\u2019t cry! Listen, there are so many raindrops laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughed and sang with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears dried up, and the raindrops disappeared, and she had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-colored raindrops, and came to the girl \u2019s eyes, and the girl saw it, and was very happy La! \"The little girl smiled.\" I'm not crying, don't you cry! \""}, {"nb": 1271, "data": "Spring is here, and the water of the river is flowing wildly. The trees on the shore were green, the peach blossoms were blooming, and the wheat seedlings in the distance began to turn green. In this spring season, the teacher led the students to plant trees in the wild. Under the leadership of the teacher, some students digged pits, some lifted water, and some planted saplings. Everyone did a great job. Under the leadership of the teacher, some students digged pits, some lifted water, and some planted saplings. Everyone did a great job."}, {"nb": 1272, "data": "A dark cloud of summer rain came over and blocked the dazzling hot light of the sun. Suddenly, \"Wow ...\" It began to rain. Countless raindrops, like pearls, and thick silver threads, sprinkled on the fields and ponds, and on the round lotus leaves. This time Cola broke the fish playing downstream of the lotus leaf, and it broke the panted frog by the pond. The dark clouds drifted away, the rain stopped, and the sun radiated a dazzling light again. But the leaves are greener, the flowers are redder, and the singing of the frogs is even happier. The dark clouds drifted away, the rain stopped, and the sun radiated a dazzling light again."}, {"nb": 1273, "data": "Little Bug's Name A hard-shell bug lived in the grass. Although the worm is small, it looks very energetic. Butterflies flew by, bees flew by, and they all sighed and said, \"What an amazing little bug!\" The little bug was very proud. The little bug had no name yet. He really wanted to get a good, loud name for himself. Little Worm thought for three days and three nights, and came up with a name that she thought was pretty good. He said to the little butterfly that flew over here, \"I'm an airy little bug. My name is a lion.\" Little Butterfly heard it, and almost broke the two whiskers on her head. She said, \"I never saw I have passed such a small lion. \"This made Xiao Zong feel embarrassed, and he had to think of a name for himself. He said to the little bee flying around, \"I'm a godly worm, my name is a peacock.\" The little bee heard it, and almost laughed off his two transparent wings. She said, \"Are you as big as a peacock? Do you have a big peacock tail?\" The worm was so embarrassed that he hid in the grass and never thought about it again. At this time, the little butterfly and the little bee said, \"We shouldn't just joke about the little bug, we should help him get a good name.\" After a few days, the little butterfly and the little bee came over and said, \"Awesome little bug, we are for you Take a nice name, your name is Jin Shell, because your hard shell is shining gold in the sun! \"\" Okay, this name is so good! \"Little Worm happily sang her own song \"Golden Shell, Golden Shell, the name is very beautiful, Gold Shell, Gold Shell, I like the name.\" Little butterflies and bees are also happy for the small bugs to have such good names. \"Little Worm happily sang her own song,\" Golden Shell, Golden Shell, this name is very beautiful, Golden Shell, Golden Shell, I like this name. \""}, {"nb": 1274, "data": "One day, a white sheep went up the canopy bridge from the south, and a black sheep got up the canoe bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black sheep said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They didn't want anyone to let them go. Arise, after a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back and let me cross the bridge first!"}, {"nb": 1275, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, and the mother said, \"The sun is round and red.\" The little rabbit pointed at two red, round lanterns and asked, \"Is this the sun?\" The mother said, \"This is a lantern The sun is outside the house! \"The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed to three round, red radishes and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"The mother replied,\" This is a radish, and the sun is in the sky! \"Xiao The rabbit raised his head and pointed at the red, round balloon floating in the sky and asked, \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon. The sun will shine, you see ...\" I found the sun in the direction of my mother's finger. The little rabbit shouted loudly: \"I found it! The sun is red and round, shining on the body warm.\" The mother replied, \"This is a turnip, and the sun is in the sky!\""}, {"nb": 1276, "data": "My home is in Hainan Island, where there are more fruits! There are bananas, candied fruits, watermelons, etc., and coconuts that I like. Coconut trunks are straight and tall, with a cluster of wide and long leaves on top of the tree, like a long fan. Below the long leaves, a bunch of coconuts grew. The dark green ones just came out, the light green ones started to mature, and the brown ones were ripe. Below the long leaves, a bunch of coconuts grew. The dark green ones just came out, the light green ones started to mature, and the brown ones were ripe."}, {"nb": 1277, "data": "The little squirrel looked for the peanut tree. There were many peanuts, green leaves, and small yellow flowers, which looked really good. The little squirrel asked the earthworm, \"What is this?\" The earthworm said, \"This is peanuts.\" The little squirrel was very happy, and he thought, when the peanuts had settled, I would pick them up and keep them for winter. Since then, the little squirrel has gone into the peanut field every day to see if the peanuts have turned out. However, until the golden flowers were gone, I didn't see a peanut fruit. The little squirrel opened his eyes wide and said to himself, \"Strange, who has taken the peanut fruit?\" The earthworm got out of the soil, and said to the little squirrel with a smile, \"No one has picked the peanut fruit. It's inside! \"\" Earthworms got out of the soil and smiled and said to the little squirrel, \"No one has picked them. The peanuts are all in the soil!\""}, {"nb": 1278, "data": "The spring is here. The peach blossoms are red, the willows are sprouting, the water in the river is full, and the little cormorant swims in the water to find his mother. Spring is here. We were bathed in the bright spring light, flying a kite, catching butterflies, planting small trees, and drawing pictures. Some people say that spring is a poem, some people say that spring is a painting, and I say that spring is a nice nursery rhyme. Some people say that spring is a poem, some people say that spring is a painting, and I say that spring is a nice nursery rhyme."}, {"nb": 1279, "data": "There are three little goldfishes in goldfish learning. They look very beautiful. They find it very boring to swim in the water every day, so they decided to learn a little skill. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was caught by a hermit crab. After a lesson learned, it started to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"Scavenger\" (a kind of fish nickname) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so they decided to learn this line. At the beginning it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long for me to get tired. It said: \"Cleaning the environment every day, back pain, I can't stand it.\" In the end, it was only halfway. The third naughty little goldfish learns to swim with swordfish. As soon as the swordfish said the essentials of learning to swim, it swims impatiently. I thought: I will have these things for a long time, and there is nothing to learn. One month later, the blister-eye little goldfish learned something, and the other two little goldfish could only swim to and fro without success. The third naughty little goldfish learns to swim with swordfish. As soon as the swordfish said the essentials of learning to swim, it swims impatiently. I thought: I will have these things for a long time, and there is nothing to learn."}, {"nb": 1280, "data": "Fifi, the little rabbit, has a pair of long ears. Two big teeth in the three-flap mouth are exposed. A few long beards shake and shake. In addition, it is wearing a gray long-haired coat. It's a favorite! It also has four very strong legs that have shown all the limelight at the forest games. One day, Feifei went out to play and saw the kitten \u2019s eyes like emeralds. When he came home, he asked his mother, \u201cMom, mom, why are my eyes red? Look, the kitten \u2019s eyes are green and beautiful. But I ... \"My mother smiled and said,\" You do n\u2019t understand. We have no pigments in our bodies, only blood, so the eyes are red. In fact, your eyes look pretty! \"\" Oh, I know My eyes are red, not a disease, but a normal physiological phenomenon! \"Fifi said happily. Fifi, the little rabbit, has a pair of long ears. Two big teeth in the three-flap mouth are exposed. A few long beards shake and shake. In addition, it is wearing a gray long-haired coat. It's a favorite!"}, {"nb": 1281, "data": "Tomatoes are not only delicious but also nutritious. Its vitamin content ranks first in vegetables and fruits. It also contains malic acid, protein, and minerals. On a hot summer day, eating an iced tomato, quenches thirst and relieves heat, and makes people comfortable from the mouth to the heart. On a hot summer day, eating an iced tomato, quenches thirst and relieves heat, and makes people comfortable from the mouth to the heart."}, {"nb": 1282, "data": "The dog doctor asked the monkey lab technician to give the animal a blood test. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all are here. The monkey lab technicians took their blood and put them in glass tubes. The test results came out, but Dr. Flower Dog found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey lab technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey was crying anxiously. The flower dog said, \"Don't worry, the turquoise is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the cyan is the blood of the shrimp, and the rose red is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened and wrote carefully on the glass tube. Name, and said, \"In the future, I must be serious.\" It turned out that the monkey lab technician forgot to write the name."}, {"nb": 1283, "data": "Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower? This is a very beautiful little flower, with thin petals, pink and pink. It is very bright. And the leaves are thin, like a package of green juice, tender. In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily. The sun gets brighter as the sun shines. With its face on its back, it seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look.\" In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and slept quietly. Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ... colorful sunflowers bloom, then they look good! Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower?"}, {"nb": 1284, "data": "Washing the dishesTonight, after eating, I said to my mother, \"Let's rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mom said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Mom I happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where I placed them next to the sink. I put hot water in the sink first, dripped a few drops of detergent, and then carefully washed the bowl. I took a dishwasher in my right hand and a bowl in my left hand and rubbed it hard with a dishcloth. I wiped the inside out and then the outside until it was clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until it was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and cleaned each bowl thoroughly. In the end I put the bowls neatly in the cabinet. After all was done, I happily said to my mother, \"I have completed the task, please check.\" The mother checked it, and happily said, \"Baby, you are really capable!\" I listened, and my heart was so sweet. \"Mother checked it and said happily,\" Baby, you are really capable!"}, {"nb": 1285, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward? . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods."}, {"nb": 1286, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. \"Put it in the envelope and insert the feathers. Please give it to the bunny by the woodpecker."}, {"nb": 1287, "data": "The beautiful sea and the sea are blue and wide. The beach is yellow and long and soft. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach. They picked up small shells and wore them into beautiful necklaces, which they hung on their chests. The children happily ran around on the beach and gave a series of joyous laughter to the sea. The snow-white waves rushed towards the beach, leaving many small shells."}, {"nb": 1288, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil."}, {"nb": 1289, "data": "Squirrel Squirrels like to live on trees and often nest their nests in the middle of the branches. When building a nest, it first brought some small branches, staggered together, and found some moss to spread on it. Then it compacted and flattened the moss. The nest was set up and a cover was added to it so that you would not be afraid of the wind and rain. The squirrel 's nest is warm and safe. The squirrel 's nest is warm and safe."}, {"nb": 1290, "data": "Collia looked closely, and there was a cute little face on the balloon. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick. Collia 's mood suddenly improved a lot. He seemed to see Misha pulling the rope tied to the balloon. Several of his classmates stood around, gesticulating and pointing furiously. The balloon in front of the window, on behalf of the classmates, greeted Collia. Collia looked at the cute \"little face\" outside the window and smiled happily. Now he guessed it, it must be Misha 's trick."}, {"nb": 1291, "data": "There is a small river in my hometown. The river flows slowly around the village and there are many trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees were full of peach blossoms, and from a distance they looked like a flaming sunrise. After Shiqiao, it was a piece of green farmland. Hometown is so beautiful! I love my hometown! Hometown is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1292, "data": "Little Zoo The zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer and baby goats. I like the baby goats most. When I came to the zoo, I ran to the lamb pen first and took out the grass that had been prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat came over. It has white fur, smooth and beautiful, a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth. Yelling. Little Zoo The zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer and baby goats. I like the baby goats most."}, {"nb": 1293, "data": "In the village of hens and golden eggs, there was a greedy and lazy couple. They have a magical hen who actually lays a golden egg every day. Relying on these golden eggs, the couple's life is very good, but they do not cherish the good life now, they are becoming more and more lazy. They were so greedy that they thought that since the hens would lay golden eggs, there would surely be more gold in their bodies. They want to make a fortune immediately. So they killed the hen. But the belly of a hen is just like an ordinary chicken, and it has no gold. Now the couple are dumbfounded. Since then, they will no longer have golden eggs to sustain their lives. Soon, the unwilling husband and wife starved to death at home. But the belly of a hen is just like an ordinary chicken, and it has no gold."}, {"nb": 1294, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite."}, {"nb": 1295, "data": "Little sparrow's ambition The little sparrow has a lot of fantasies, but he doesn't know what he can do, he always has no idea. He thought that, as a singer, he stood on a tree branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how hard he practiced, Sister Lark did not sing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the room all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot and a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persist. It felt very sad that it could do nothing. The mother said to it, \"Child, your ambitions are all very good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. Ca n\u2019t succeed! \u201dThe mother said to it,\u201c Child, your ambitions are good, but you just do n\u2019t have longevity, and you have a goal in life. After setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. , Then you can never succeed!"}, {"nb": 1296, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again."}, {"nb": 1297, "data": "Cuckoo's flower skirt Cuckoo lives in a hole in an old locust tree. Listen to the old locust tree saying, Once upon a time, the cuckoo had no flower skirt. It flew east to west, and while flying, it was called \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, hurry up Cuckoo!\" In the cries of cuckoos, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, the mountain terraces are like colored sky ladders, and the green grass is covered with golden, pink and pale blue flowers. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies fly to dance. The lively river sang a song and happily flowed into the distance. Seeing spring so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was really too tired, so it quietly returned to its own nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral skirt. \"What 's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told the cuckoo: \"Because you diligently called everyone cuckoo, the spring girl and mother earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps springing every spring Call people: \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo soon!\" Listening to the old locust tree, In the past, cuckoos had no flower skirts."}, {"nb": 1298, "data": "Cats are good at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, it can turn around, and it can recognize even the smallest sound in time. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole."}, {"nb": 1299, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. \"Owl said,\" If you want to find the North at night, first look for the Big Dipper and then the North Star."}, {"nb": 1300, "data": "Sweet flute Little white rabbit intends to plant sugar cane. The little goat said to her, \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" The little white rabbit said, \"Don't forget, eat sugarcane at that time!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil, cut the old sugar cane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. The little fox and the little monkey came to help her find fertilizer, and picked up one after another. The little white rabbit was so touched, she said loudly, \"Uncle Niu, chubby pig, little fox, little monkey, sugar cane must be cooked to eat sugar cane!\" However, in autumn, the little white rabbit's sugar cane field only grew one. Little sugarcane seedling. \"I promised my friends to come to eat sugarcane, but now ... woo--woo--woo--\" Little white rabbit was crying sadly, her eyes were red. Little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She cut down the sugarcane seedling, digged it, emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit blew the flute, and the sound of the flute went far and far. Little goats heard, little fat pigs heard, little foxes and little monkeys heard, and Uncle Niu heard. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed her mouth with three petals, and kept blowing, blowing ... sweet flute Little white rabbit was going to plant sugar cane."}, {"nb": 1301, "data": "A mother-loving little fish is a doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; a little bird is a doll of the forest, he loves the mother of the forest; a little star is a doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky; He loves his motherland. He who loves his mother is a baby of the sea. He loves his mother;"}, {"nb": 1302, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sun, we blew colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly towards the blue sky. Some resemble a small dewdrop, and some resemble beautiful colored balls. Bubbles fly to the classroom, come to visit our classroom; bubbles fly to space, and dance with the stars in the sky; bubbles fly to the lawn, holding hands with the grass, side by side, beautiful! Beautiful In the bright sun, we blew colorful bubbles."}, {"nb": 1303, "data": "Big shoes swing A baby elephant is wearing four big shoes. Run and run. One of the shoes has a hole in it. The remaining three were useless, and \"thump flutter\" was thrown into the grass. Doodle bears, furry balls, and mouses play ball together on the grass. The ball rolled and rolled into the grass. The Baotou went to find it, but it was not found; the Maomao ball went to find it, but it was not found; the Dudu bear went to find it, but it was not found. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? So big and so round, there are three more. \"Whose shoes? Whose shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wanted. The Baotou put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing. It was really fun to go around. What does the doodle bear do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot and plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled mouse, the small swing of the furry ball, and the flower of the doodle bear, and opened his eyes in surprise: \"I didn't expect that my shoes could be made so much fun Something. \"Baby elephants also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled wheelbarrow, the small swing of the fur ball, and the flowers of the bear, and opened their eyes in surprise:\" I did not expect that my shoes could be made So many fun things."}, {"nb": 1304, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken."}, {"nb": 1305, "data": "During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play. There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe. The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place. The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher. It likes to eat fresh leaves most, you see how fragrant it is! The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place."}, {"nb": 1306, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, Beijing City is full of lights. They are beautiful and beautiful. Vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing with lights, shuttles between them; the street lights on both sides are high, shining, like soldiers standing on guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and people under the lights must be eating or reading, watching TV, Chat, the children must be playing or doing their homework; the bustling mall is lit with lights, the bustling crowds come in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit with lights. People inside must be seriously reading books or searching for information. The Central Television Tower is dressed in colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colored clothes. Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the city of Beijing at night. It is so peaceful, beautiful, and prosperous. I like the city of Beijing at night. It is so peaceful, beautiful, and prosperous."}, {"nb": 1307, "data": "Children love their hometown and paint their own beautiful hometown. Taotao's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted is so blue and so wide. One ship was filled with fish and shrimp. The child who picked the shell on the beach with his bare feet was Taotao. The hometown of Shanshan is in the mountains. The mountains he painted were so high and the water so clear. The front and back of the house are tall and big trees. The mountains in the picture, with a small bamboo basket, are going to the forest to pick mushrooms. Children love their hometown and paint their own beautiful hometown."}, {"nb": 1308, "data": "Little Zoo The zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer and baby goats. I like the baby goats most. When I came to the zoo, I ran to the lamb pen first and took out the grass that had been prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat came over. It has white fur, smooth and beautiful, a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth. Yelling. When I came to the zoo, I ran to the lamb pen first and took out the grass that had been prepared in advance."}, {"nb": 1309, "data": "The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying. When the little deer saw it, he rushed over and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?\" Little white rabbit said, \"I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home.\" Little deer Comforting the little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live? May I take you home?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, thank you.\" The little deer wiped tears for the little white rabbit, and said, \"Hurry Don't cry, see your eyes are crying red. \"Said the little deer carrying her little white rabbit and sent her home. \"Speaking of a little deer carrying a white rabbit, she took her home."}, {"nb": 1310, "data": "There are white lines on the road. The teacher said that this is a crosswalk. To cross the road from here, we can ensure our safety. But I think it's more like a staff. We walk on it and feel like we have become happy notes. It's so interesting to play a beautiful piano song! But I don't understand why some adults just don't like to cross the road across the road? A new road was built on the doorstep of the house, neat and beautiful. It used to be that it could pass directly from the gate of the residential area to the shopping mall opposite. Now it is a long way to go, and it is necessary to cross the road from the \"staff notation\". I always see some people trying to make short cuts from the passing cars to passing through them like acrobatics, which is really scary! Once, my mother said deliberately, \"It's relatively close, or should we try it?\" I shook my head vigorously and said, \"No, you're going to cross the crosswalk and follow the traffic lights. When I return I made a sign at the gate of the community and reminded everyone! \"Mom smiled and said,\" That's true! My baby is a lovely Shanghainese! \"Haha ... Both of us laughed. There are white lines on the road. The teacher said that this is a crosswalk. To cross the road from here, we can ensure our safety."}, {"nb": 1311, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees and make them grow faster. They are all useful animals, we must take care of them! Dragonflies can catch pests and protect crops."}, {"nb": 1312, "data": "Little Pigs Go to School Early in the morning, the father-in-law slowly climbed to the top of the mountain and shone the warm sunshine into the little pigs' rooms. For the first time, Robbie, Robin, and Roll did not wake up from their mothers, so they got up obediently. They put on clothes, fold their quilts, and wash their little faces clean. Because, today is a special day-Robbie, Robin, Rock, and Roll are going to school! Alas, why is Rock still not up to bed? Look at him, hiding in the quilt with his buttocks, no matter what the sun father Scratching his little feet, he refused to get up. Does Rock want to go to school? Father Pig is here. It pats Rock's head, and asks, \"Rock, why don't you get up?\" Rock lifted the quilt, revealing his tiny black eyes, and said pitifully: \"Dad, I don't want to go to school. Jerry's cousin said that going to school is not fun at all. He can't play games or toys. He is not allowed to talk or disturb during class ... This is terrible. I don't want to go to school.\" Robbie scratched his head and wondered, \"But cousin Jerry also said that he can make many new friends at school, and can also learn to sing, write, and calculate ...\" Father Pig said with a smile: \" Rock, haven't you always dreamed of being an astronaut? No knowledge is not enough! Love to learn is a good boy who can be praised by others to realize your dream! \"Rock crooked his head, thinking about it, Think about it right ... whispered, \"I want to go to school.\" Dad and its four baby pig. See how happy they are, singing while walking: \"Do la la, do la la la la la ... ...\" Papa Pig is here. It pats Roque 's little brain and asks, \"Roque, why don't you get up?"}, {"nb": 1313, "data": "In the blue sky, white clouds like cotton wool floated. Yun'er fluttered carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changed shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west ran hard forward, and after a while, it merged into the clouds. After a while, a big butterfly flew in from the distance. It slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud. Yun'er fluttered carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changed shape from time to time."}, {"nb": 1314, "data": "One day, an Aries boarded a canopy bridge from the south and a one-wood bridge went up a single-wood bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black sheep said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They didn't want anyone to let them go. Arise, after a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river. One day, an Aries boarded a canopy bridge from the south and a one-wood bridge went up a single-wood bridge from the north."}, {"nb": 1315, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet.Everyone has a pair of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes need not be the same as mine. Yellow or blue, gray or green, what is the difference? As long as they open, they can see the big sun. Your hair is dark, and his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful is the corolla. In this vast world, children open like flowers. Some are dark and some are light like the most beautiful bouquets. Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet.Everyone has a pair of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes need not be the same as mine."}, {"nb": 1316, "data": "At that time, writing brush writing was the main homework for elementary school students. The sir asks the children to cover their copybooks with paper first, and when they are familiar with them, write on the copybooks. Well written words, sir draw a red circle on it. Every time he writes, Grandpa Deng Xiaoping can do what Mr. asked, so he gets the most red circles. Mother knew that Xiaoping had studied so hard and was very happy. Well written words, sir draw a red circle on it."}, {"nb": 1317, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I came to the river with a shovel and a sapling. I dug a pit with a shovel and carefully planted the saplings. When I saw her, she smiled and asked me, \"Child, what tree do you plant?\" I replied loudly, \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be presented to children all over the world. Spread happiness. \"My mother stroked my head and said kindly:\" Let's wish the happy tree grow up quickly, so that every child in the world can share happiness! \"My mother stroked my head and said kindly: \"Together we wish the happy tree grow up quickly, so that every child in the world can share happiness!"}, {"nb": 1318, "data": "In the early winter morning, a thick white mist. The towers and hills in the distance were gone. The fields and woods in the immediate vicinity are separated by a layer of veil, which is unclear. The sun like a red ball slowly rises and emits a faint light, not dazzling at all. The crops in the field have been collected, and people are busy collecting cabbage in the garden. The fog dispersed slowly and the sun shone out. The towers and hills in the distance can be seen. The fields and woods nearby were also clearly seen. There are many big persimmons hanging on the persimmon tree, like red lanterns one by one. There was a thick layer of yellow leaves in the woods. Only the pine and cypress trees were not afraid of the cold, but still green. The fog dispersed slowly and the sun shone out."}, {"nb": 1319, "data": "The small waterdrop said, \"The lotus leaf is my cradle.\" The small waterdrop lay on the lotus leaf, and blinked bright eyes. The small dragonfly said, \"The lotus leaf is my apron.\" The small dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf, spreading its wide wings. The little frog said, \"The lotus leaf is my song stand.\" The little frog squatted on the lotus leaf and sang loudly. The child said, \"The lotus leaf is my cool hat.\" The child put on the lotus leaf, smiling and rosy, hiding under the green, slick lotus leaf, which is even more beautiful than the lotus flower! \"The small dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf, spreading its wide wings."}, {"nb": 1320, "data": "My father said to me, \"At the moment when the bird lived the most, the moment the bird flew off the branch, it was the easiest to be hit by a hunter.\" I asked strangely, \"Why?\" My father said, \"The bird at dawn, wings Wet and fly heavy. \"I'm so glad that my father is not a hunter. \"My father said,\" Birds at dawn have wet wings and fly heavy."}, {"nb": 1321, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bee is really hardworking and came to the garden early in the morning to collect nectar. It flies in and out of flowers to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee, \"Let's take a break, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"It's noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big flower clock here Ah! \"The bee glanced around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower pan. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one kind of flower was opening. Lark said: \"This kind of flower is called noon flower. She only blooms at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!\" The bee asked: \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" Lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three in the morning, morning glory usually blooms at four, rose at five, rose at 6 o'clock, peony at seven, lotus At eight o'clock, at ten o'clock is Banzhilian. \"\" Without an alarm clock, the circadian clock in their bodies wakes them up! \"\" I have learned another way to master time! \"Said the bee happily. The lark said, \"This kind of flower is called 'Noon Flower'. She only opens it at noon. Of course, she is now blooming at noon!"}, {"nb": 1322, "data": "Spring is here and winter is over, and the breeze quietly brings spring. The wheat seedlings woke up and stretched the green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willows sprouted, and the soft branches swayed gently in the breeze. A frog emerged from the hole and was busy catching worms by the river. spring is coming . It came into the classroom and quietly listened to us reading and singing. It came to the campus and played with us happily. Spring is here and winter is over, and the breeze quietly brings spring."}, {"nb": 1323, "data": "The Yangtze River-the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long."}, {"nb": 1324, "data": "Little Monkey makes a call A little monkey has a phone installed in his house. He thinks: It's so convenient to invite friends to be a guest at home now. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. Dial the white rabbit's phone number first, and said, \"Hey, is it a three-flap mouth?\" Little White Rabbit was angry with him. He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat piggyball house?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the monkey: \"It 's too impolite for you to call. You don't know how to respect others. How can others come to be a guest?\" Hearing, he lowered his head in shame. Little Monkey makes a call A little monkey has a phone installed in his house. He thinks: It's so convenient to invite friends to be a guest at home now."}, {"nb": 1325, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are in bloom. How beautiful the flower blooms, people take pictures of it. The flowers bloomed, how fragrant, the bees circled around it. The flowers laughed, but the flowers were happy! The flower laughed, and a flower became proud. It doesn't look at the green leaves around it. It feels that the leaves are ordinary. No one looks at it. It's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, this flower fell from the tree and left the green leaves as soon as it was hardened. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers can bear fruit. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash."}, {"nb": 1326, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks a little like a narcissus, but its flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": Is it the wind girl who awakened it, then it blooms small flowers and conveys the message of spring to people? The root of the hyacinth grows in water and is entangled together like a bean sprouts; don't look at its root like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinth for nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, their roots are reserved for them. The newborn leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths bloom in order from the bottom up, as if telling people: \"Spring is here! Spring is here!\" Hyacinth is so beautiful, I love hyacinth! The roots of hyacinths grow in water and are entangled together playfully like bean sprouts;"}, {"nb": 1327, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky was exposed to a white color. Gradually, the belly of the fish became pale red, as if the redness appeared on the face after drinking a little wine. Then it slowly changed from pale red to dark red, and then changed from dark red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like gold apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and then turned into sapphires, pearls, and color jade ... It was really magnificent and unpredictable. Then it slowly changed from pale red to dark red, and then changed from dark red to golden color."}, {"nb": 1328, "data": "Good way In the winter morning, the two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle came. The little white rabbit shouted, \"Hide up! Little gray rabbit said,\" Where is there a hole? \"Little white rabbit said:\" Hidden in the rubble! After that, the little white rabbit ran to the snow below the mountain. The eagle flew and circled a few times in the sky. If nothing was found, it flew away. Good idea In the winter morning, two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle came and the little white rabbit shouted, \"Hide up!"}, {"nb": 1329, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float."}, {"nb": 1330, "data": "Animal ears The ears of chickens grow behind the eyes, where there are a small number of protruding hairs, and behind the hairs are hidden its ears. Its ears have only a small hole, and the bugs cannot get in, and the rain does not get wet. The dog's ears are very large, can stand up, and can turn back and forth, so it can hear sounds in all directions. The squirrel's ears are fluffy and very big. It runs around in the woods all day long. With such big ears, you can protect your eyes from being stabbed by branches. Look, how funny the animal's ears are! The dog's ears are very large, can stand up, and can turn back and forth, so it can hear sounds in all directions."}, {"nb": 1331, "data": "Today is a school open day and the campus is beautifully decorated. Many posters, pictures and calligraphy were posted on the poster boards in the auditorium, all of which were excellent works of the students. The playground, corridors and stairwells were covered with colored flags. Before the parents and guests arrived, the teacher said to us, \"Dear students, today is the open day of our school. The school is like a big family, and you are the masters of the family. Today, we have invited many guests, everyone must be polite, Have a smile on your face and entertain the guests warmly. \"The classmates all listened, showing a kind smile, ready to welcome the guests. Today, we have invited many guests. They must be polite, smile on their faces, and entertain the guests warmly."}, {"nb": 1332, "data": "When the pony met the old goat on the road, he said to the old goat, \"Grandpa goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat got on the car happily. Before walking far, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. The pony said to them, \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and rabbit also jumped into the pony's car happily. Everyone said that Pony was really enthusiastic. Before walking far, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again."}, {"nb": 1333, "data": "When he cut a wall and stole the Western Han Dynasty, there was a peasant's child called Kuang Heng. His family was very poor and had no money to go to school, but he also loved reading and had to work and earn money to read. One day, Kuang Heng thought: I planted crops during the day and didn't have time to read books. I could use some more nights to read books. But Kuang Heng's family is so poor that he can't afford the oil for lighting. What should I do? Kuang Heng was lying on the bed carrying the book he had read during the day and carrying it on his back. Suddenly he saw a beam of light shining through the eastern wall. He immediately stood up and walked over to the wall to see, ah! It turned out that the light from the neighbor 's house was seeping through the crack in the wall. So Kuang Heng thought of a solution: he took a small knife and dug a little wall gap. In this way, the light that passed through was even brighter, and he used it to read the book. Kuang Heng studied hard like this, and later became a very learned person. So Kuang Heng thought of a solution: he took a small knife and dug a little wall gap."}, {"nb": 1334, "data": "Monkey learning skills On Sunday, the monkey didn't know what to do, so he went to the underground railway to find the little white rabbit. It saw the little white rabbit writing at home, and found it very interesting, so he decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me to write?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, go home and practice for yourself!\" The monkey came home and took out his pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone blowing a trumpet outside. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Bear. The little monkey also found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this profession. It blows and blows. It always blows, so it doesn't want to learn anymore. Just then, he saw Sister Deer practicing running again. It was running fast! It also decided to learn to run. However, after running a few times, I felt too tired and didn't learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy the three little friends are! But little monkey did not learn anything. It said to the little white rabbit, \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me to write?"}, {"nb": 1335, "data": "Little goldfish There are three little goldfishes in my family. They are all different and have their own characteristics. I also gave them names, such as the smallest one called \"Little Little\". It has two colors on its body: red and white. Its mouths are closed one by one and it keeps blowing bubbles. what ! It doesn't need bubble water! The goldfish's ears are so small that they can hardly be seen. Look at the tail of \"little little\", swing it back and forth, shake it back and forth. \"Well, doesn't it sleep?\" You ask. No, it sleeps, but it has no eyelids, and can only sleep with its eyes open. Little goldfish is usually slow-moving, but sometimes it can be very fast. For example, once you hit the fish tank, the small goldfish will quickly swim to the bottom of the water. Little goldfish eating is fun! Put the fish food into the water, and the small goldfish will swim quickly and open its mouth to eat. If the fish food is \"blowing\" bubbles in the mouth, the fish food will fall out of its mouth, but the small goldfish will still swallow half of the fish food. I like little goldfish very much. If the fish food is \"blowing\" bubbles in the mouth, the fish food will fall out of its mouth, but the small goldfish will still swallow half of the fish food."}, {"nb": 1336, "data": "The grapes are planted in terraces on the hillside. The lush foliage spread out to all sides, like building a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under the green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, pale green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to Grape Valley at this time, the warm and hospitable Uyghur native will pick the sweetest grapes so that you can eat enough. If you go to Grape Valley at this time, the warm and hospitable Uyghur native will pick the sweetest grapes so that you can eat enough."}, {"nb": 1337, "data": "Calendar The old man stepped on firecrackers and flew with snowflakes. Look, who is coming towards us? Ah, it was the old man who came to the calendar. Calendar The old man is so good, so give us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet refined toffee. It is a thick brand new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns and 365 moons. Go to school in the summer and teach us not to be afraid of the heat, and read early in the winter to teach us not to be afraid of the frost. We accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve day by day. Ah, how precious the old man's gift is, we must treasure it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail and lead us to sail daily in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge. Ah, how precious the old man's gift is, we must treasure it in our hearts."}, {"nb": 1338, "data": "The monkey saw her mother read and write with glasses, and her grandmother wore glasses to mend clothes. It asked what made sense. Mom and grandma replied, \"You can see clearly with glasses.\" One day, the monkey put on his mother's glasses, Yo! Blurred; then put on grandma's glasses, dizzy, and almost fell. It said angrily: \"Mom and grandma lied to me!\" The mother monkey knew it and explained to the little monkey: \"Grandma is old and wears reading glasses; Mom wears myopia glasses.\" This is often the case and it is suitable for others The things that are not right for you. The little monkey saw her mother reading and writing with glasses, and her grandmother wore glasses to sew up her clothes. It asked what the truth was, and her mother and grandma replied, \"You can see clearly with glasses."}, {"nb": 1339, "data": "Bless you, little swallow. In the early morning, I walked in the park and found a little swallow fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I was holding the little swallow carefully, holding my head sideways, and looking at the tree while walking. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\". Is that the nest of the little swallow? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing couldn't help screaming, like, \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away when she saw me. I put the little swallow under \"Tu Wo Wo\" and then hid behind the big tree and watched. I saw two big swallows gently falling beside the little swallows, called and how much, the three swallows were so affectionate! Watching their family reunite, I couldn't keep my mouth shut. what ! Little swallow, I bless you, I hope you can grow up smoothly and make a greater contribution to humanity. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\". Is that the nest of the little swallow?"}, {"nb": 1340, "data": "The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everybody knows one by one. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home. It turns out that little ants use tentacles to deliver messages. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know."}, {"nb": 1341, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree opened small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and floral, many more beautiful. The big tree said, \"Little mushroom, who do you want to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Give you a mushroom umbrella.\" The little bee shook her head and said, \"I don't want to.\" The flower butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Give you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower butterfly shook his head and said, \"I don't.\" The little yellow dog came over, and the little mushroom said, \"I gave you a mushroom umbrella.\" Little yellow dog Also said no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave it a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she took home the mushroom umbrella and went home. The mother rabbit said, \"This time we are not afraid of rain.\" \"The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said,\" I will give you a mushroom umbrella."}, {"nb": 1342, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked: \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Fortune and Happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" The wife said, \"The daughter is right."}, {"nb": 1343, "data": "Gift On my birthday, my mother gave me a special birthday gift. A cute bird is kept in a new cage. Outside the window, the birds sang on the branches. I opened the birdcage and let out the birds. The bird flew quickly into the sky. This is my gift to nature. This is my gift to nature."}, {"nb": 1344, "data": "As soon as the tulips in Meiyuan entered Meiyuan, the flowers of various colors nodded and said hello to us. The grass seemed more vibrant in the drizzle. Going forward, there is a picture scroll in front of us. The float is connected to the float, and the flower bed is connected to the flower bed. We are immersed in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers, the most beautiful of which is the tulip. How many colors of tulips! There are fiery reds, there are golden ones, there are snow-white ones ... it's all colors. The blooming tulips, one by one, clumps, and pieces, you are next to me, and I am next to you, in the drizzle blooming more joyfully. I leaned down and looked closely at the tulip. Its flowers really looked like a lovely little wine glass, standing on a straight flower stem. The wide green leaves of the tulips are facing the sky, and even the flowers are facing the sky. It seems that the fairies who have fallen from the sky are looking forward to which day they can return to the kingdom of heaven. Blowing slightly, thousands of tulips swayed in the wind, like dancing in fairy costumes. The scent of the tulips is not strong, but as soon as you get closer to the smell, bursts of fragrance will come out. Ah, the tulips are so beautiful! It is indeed the national flower of the Netherlands! I leaned down and looked closely at the tulip. Its flowers really looked like a lovely little wine glass, standing on a straight flower stem."}, {"nb": 1345, "data": "The small river in the east of my village There is a small crooked river in the east of the village. The water is clear to the end. Fishes swim freely in the river, and from time to time there are a few small fishes jumping out of the water. The river bank was covered with flowers. Bees fly around in the flowers. Several butterflies danced beautifully on the flowers. The west bank of the river is a row of tall and erect poplars, and the birds are singing cheerfully on the branches. After school, children often come here to play. Some catch fish, some catch butterflies, and some collect wild flowers. This small river has become a paradise for the children of our village. This small river has become a paradise for the children of our village."}, {"nb": 1346, "data": "In the clear stream, there is a crooked stream in front of the bunny's house. The stream is clear and bright, and it can reflect the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the water in the stream in front of her house turned yellow. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened. The bunny walked and saw tall elephants and fat wild boars. They were breathing heavily, using all their strength to compete against a thick tree near the creek, and trying to compare who's strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as they ran, \"Hurry up! You loosened the soil, and the soil fell into the stream, and we have no more clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed, and he knew everything was wrong, so he planted the tree back together. Soon the stream became clear again, shining the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky. It was very strange, so I went down the stream and wanted to see what happened."}, {"nb": 1347, "data": "Asking for directions The little white rabbit got lost in the forest. I walked back and forth and went back to my old place. I couldn't go home. A little squirrel peels pine cones from the tree. The little white rabbit asked, \"Brother Squirrel, my family lives in Beishan. Where can I go?\" The little squirrel said: \"On a cloudy day, you can't see the sun. If you look for the north in the forest, look at the trunk. The rough bark side is North. \"The little white rabbit walked out of the forest, and it was already dark. Where is North? The owl was waiting to catch field voles on the tree. He asked the owl, \"Aunt Owl, may I ask, where is the north?\" The owl said, \"If you want the north at night, look for the Big Dipper first, and then look at the North Star.\" Going, he walked all night. At dawn, a sika deer drinking water by the river, the little white rabbit asked, \"Sister Sika, where is the north?\" Sika said, \"If you look for the north in the daytime, look at the sun. In the morning, the sun is on your right, and in front of you is North, in the afternoon, the sun is on your left, and your front is also north. \"The little white rabbit walked as the sika deer said, and found her home. At dawn, a sika deer drank water by the river. The little white rabbit asked, \"Sister sika, where is the north?"}, {"nb": 1348, "data": "The first birthday cake is lamb 's birthday on June 1st, and many small animals come to congratulate her. Little rabbits give grass, calves give milk, little monkeys give peaches, and hens give eggs. Everyone sing together and wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candles and cut the first birthday cake. The calf thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show her a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, give it to her. The little rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, just give her a play. However, Lamb gave the mother the first piece of cake that she cut off, and she said, \"Without mother, there would be no me. My birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends applauded, everyone said, \"We have On the birthday, I have to give my mother the first piece of cake. \"But Lamb gave her the first piece of cake that she cut off, and she said,\" Without my mother, there would be no me. My birthday is my mother's holiday."}, {"nb": 1349, "data": "Small snowflakes I am white and clear small snowflakes, and I float down lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles. I'm covered with cypresses and they produce a lot of cotton. I fell bare branches, and the branches were in full bloom. I filled the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with soft cotton wool. I fell on the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, shining with dazzling silver flowers. I am a small white snowflake, I float down from the high clouds. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a layer of glittering silver tiles."}, {"nb": 1350, "data": "The hop frog in the vegetable shop hops to live by a pond. The little rabbit saw it and said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant radish here, it will grow big and red.\" Hearing, he took the radish seeds and scattered them in the ground. The lamb said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant Chinese cabbage here, you will grow big and good.\" Leaped and scattered the cabbage seeds in the ground. The bear said, \"Uncle Frog, when you plant cucumbers here, you will grow many and tender.\" Jump and plant cucumbers again. From spring to summer, the diligent jump has been busy in the vegetable field, watering and fertilizing. In autumn, the jumping pond became a large vegetable garden. There are red radishes, tomatoes, tender cucumbers, beans, big green cabbage, and lettuce. Jumping and worrying: How can you finish eating so many dishes? He thought, thought, got an idea. The next day, Hop Hop put a variety of vegetables at the door and put a big sign on it: Hop Hop Vegetable Shop. Little rabbits, lambs, and bears bought the vegetables they loved; Miss Hedgehog, who came a long way, bought a bunch of lettuce; Mrs. Kangaroo took a cart of cucumbers; Mr. Zebra bought a basket of carrots for the little grandson. In this way, all the animals by the pond and in the forest have come. At night, all the jumping vegetables were sold out. He was glad to think that the idea of \u200b\u200bgrowing vegetables was really good. Not only could he see old friends, but also meet many new friends. \"Hearing, he took the radish seeds and scattered them in the ground."}, {"nb": 1351, "data": "A cloud hat is hot, hot. The small trees, grass, flowers ... are uncomfortably hot. Everyone wants to be cool. Suddenly, a dark cloud hat floated. There is only one cloud hat, for whom? Xiaohua said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiao Cao said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiaoshu said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Who has only a cloud hat for him? The little bird said: \"Don't fight, don't fight, let's wear it to the sun, the sun is hotter than us!\" Everyone said, \"Okay! Okay!\" Fenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun put on a black and black cloud hat \u2026 All of a sudden, the sky became shady and shady, and it rained. Little tree, straightened up with joy. Little grass, swaying with joy. Birdies, fly around, sing while flying: Friendship is great! Friendship is really amazing! \"Fenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun put on a black cloud hat ..."}, {"nb": 1352, "data": "The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying. When the little deer saw it, he rushed over and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?\" Little white rabbit said, \"I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home.\" Little deer Comforting the little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live? May I take you home?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, thank you.\" The little deer wiped tears for the little white rabbit, and said, \"Hurry Don't cry, see your eyes are crying red. \"Said the little deer carrying her little white rabbit and sent her home. \"The little white rabbit said,\" I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home."}, {"nb": 1353, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end."}, {"nb": 1354, "data": "In the blue sky in the suburbs, there are a few white clouds. A clear stream flows quietly in the valley. In the distance, there is a piece of green bamboo forest, and beside the bamboo forest are blooming pink wildflowers. How fresh the air is here, and how beautiful the scenery is here. In the distance, there is a piece of green bamboo forest, and beside the bamboo forest are blooming pink wildflowers."}, {"nb": 1355, "data": "Cheer up Our holiday team has organized a \"cheer up for free\" activity for bicycles. I laid a piece of paper on which I wrote \"free pumping\" on the ground, and then took the pump and shouted, \"Free pumping, free pumping ...\" Many people came to see me, and some people said, \"This The child was learning to do good deeds in Lei Feng ... \"I was very excited when I heard it, and shouted,\" Free cheering ... \"After a while, an uncle came to cheer up, I don't mention how happy I was, but that uncle was cheering up But gave me 4 cents. After a while, an uncle pumped up. It turned out that the uncle had to go out urgently, forgot to pump up the bicycle, and forgot to bring money, and was very anxious. When he saw my \"free pump\" booth, he immediately ran over to pump up . As he pumped up, he said, \"Thank you! Thank you!\" I said, \"Thank you, this little thing needs no thanks.\" I was very happy to think that I did a little thing that can bring a lot of convenience to others. Another aunt came to pump up ... After a while, a uncle pumped up. It turned out that this uncle had to go out urgently, forgot to pump up the bicycle, and forgot to bring money, and was very anxious, seeing my \"Free \"Cheer up\" booth, immediately ran over to cheer up."}, {"nb": 1356, "data": "Watching the lantern festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my dad to the stadium to watch the lantern festival in excitement. Entering the door, looking at the past, the crowds of people, the entire stadium is like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, surrounded by daylight, golden and brilliant, so magnificent! I followed in the footsteps of my father and visited a variety of delicate palace lanterns, marquee lanterns, and crystal elephant lanterns. The more I look the more excited and the more I am curious. What I particularly like is the \"peacock lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like gems with colorful colors. The mouths of the \"Dragon Lanterns\" were closed one by one and spit out a string of pearls, as if living. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my dad asked me, \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look at it. It turns out that these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboos, etc. I really admire the production of these lights The designers of the lights, how clever and smart they are, how wonderful a bright world they make up with these gadgets! I followed in the footsteps of my father and visited a variety of delicate palace lanterns, marquee lanterns, and crystal elephant lanterns."}, {"nb": 1357, "data": "Happy Sunday Today is Sunday. The weather is very warm and my father and I decided to go to the park to play. There are so many people in the park! On the winding path, there are grandfather singing a song, big brother running while listening to music, and a group of happy children are catching butterflies on the green grass! I quickly joined them. Have a great day today! There are so many people in the park!"}, {"nb": 1358, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. \"He came to the door and pushed it just a little, and the door opened."}, {"nb": 1359, "data": "Clouds of Lushan The scenery of Lushan is very beautiful. There are peaks, valleys, waterfalls, and streams, especially the fickle clouds, which add a bit of mystery to it. When visiting the mountains, it seems that you can feel the floating clouds at your fingertips. When walking on the mountain roads, there is often a feeling of rising clouds and fog driving. The clouds and mists of Lushan are in various forms. Those clouds covering the top of the mountain are like white fleece hats worn on the top of the mountain; those clouds entangled in the middle of the mountain are like strips of jade tied around the mountainside. Clouds and mist pervade the valley. It is a vast sea. Clouds and mist cover the mountain peaks. It is a huge sky. Lushan's clouds are changing rapidly. The cloud in front of me was just a ray of light wafting in the wind, and in a blink of time it became a galaxy of nine days. It was a white horse with four hoofs and wind. It has n\u2019t waited for you to see it clearly. An iceberg floating on the Arctic Ocean ... the clouds and mists of Lushan The scenery of Lushan is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1360, "data": "Xiaohuazi looking for happiness There is a little black huazi who jumps out of her mother's arms quietly. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun, and asked, \"Are you very happy, Sun?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun smiled red and said, \"I give you sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It saw the little bird, Q: \"Little bird, are you very happy?\" The bird said, \"Miles,\" \"Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me.\" It saw the bee, and asked: \"The bee Are you happy? \"The bee\" buzzed \"and said,\" Yes, I am happy. I collect honey for everyone, and everyone likes me. \"It saw the frog, and asked,\" Are you happy, frog? \"\" The frog said, \"Yes, I am very happy. I catch insects for everyone, and everyone likes me.\" Friends are very happy, and Xiaohuazier is also looking for his own happiness. It floated with the wind girl, across the river, across the grasslands, and finally onto the snowy mountains. The snow-capped mountains are white, white trees, white houses, white roads ... Xiaohuazi stayed, it will open a flower on the snow-capped mountains. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really blooms a beautiful big red flower. The smell is very good. The scent spreads far, far away, white bears, seals, snow hares, walruses ... and adults and children all came. Seeing that everyone likes it so much, he said to herself happily, \"I'm so happy!\" The little bird said sternly: \"Yes, I'm very happy.\""}, {"nb": 1361, "data": "The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to his house, and saw the little ant touch the little ant next to it with the antenna on his head, and the little ant also clicked with the antenna That means I know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everybody knows one by one. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home. It turns out that little ants use tentacles to deliver messages. The ants immediately lined up, led by the little ants who found the beans. When they got to the place where the beans were placed, everyone worked together to move the beans back home."}, {"nb": 1362, "data": "Butterflies Gift Today, my good friend Wang Jing and I went to play after having lunch. I saw a butterfly resting on the flower and walked lightly. I reached out and grabbed it. Unfortunately, the speed was too slow and the butterfly escaped. But Wang Jing caught a butterfly. She said to me, \"I'll give it to you.\" I quickly said, \"Thank you.\" I pinched the wings of the butterfly with my fingers. I took a closer look. This butterfly is very beautiful, especially its wings, just like the flowers blooming in spring. I wanted to take it home, but I thought about it: butterflies also have life, and they should be allowed to live freely in nature. Thinking of this, I let this little creature return to the blue sky. At this time, I looked at my hand again, and the silver-white powder was left on it. I thought, maybe this is the gift that the butterfly left me. Butterflies Gift Today, my good friend Wang Jing and I went to play after having lunch."}, {"nb": 1363, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. \"Have you heard of the fox?"}, {"nb": 1364, "data": "Listen, the rain is singing in the crooked stream and many stone bridges. There is such rain, it is singing happily. Rain sings in the stream: Tintin ... The little sister must understand what it's singing, so, swim, swim, grow the calf, and drop the tail, they all jumped onto the grass. Rain sings on the grass: rustling ... Huaer Caoer must understand what it sings, so strawberries, wood peony, wild lily ... They stretched, yawned, turned green, blossomed Already. Hey, the red and green flowers and grass are as beautiful as the various parasols in the swimming pool! Rain sings on the plowed land: Brush, brush ... The seeds must understand what it sings, so they are all awakened, rolled over, rubbed their eyes, arched the land, risked Sprout, drinking rain like a grinning mouth. I also heard their laughter stung! Rain sings in the stream: Tintin ..."}, {"nb": 1365, "data": "The hop frog in the vegetable shop hops to live by a pond. The little rabbit saw it and said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant radish here, it will grow big and red.\" Hearing, he took the radish seeds and scattered them in the ground. The lamb said, \"Uncle Frog, if you plant Chinese cabbage here, you will grow big and good.\" Leaped and scattered the cabbage seeds in the ground. The bear said, \"Uncle Frog, when you plant cucumbers here, you will grow many and tender.\" Jump and plant cucumbers again. From spring to summer, the diligent jump has been busy in the vegetable field, watering and fertilizing. In autumn, the jumping pond became a large vegetable garden. There are red radishes, tomatoes, tender cucumbers, beans, big green cabbage, and lettuce. Jumping and worrying: How can you finish eating so many dishes? He thought, thought, got an idea. The next day, Hop Hop put a variety of vegetables at the door and put a big sign on it: Hop Hop Vegetable Shop. Little rabbits, lambs, and bears bought the vegetables they loved; Miss Hedgehog, who came a long way, bought a bunch of lettuce; Mrs. Kangaroo took a cart of cucumbers; Mr. Zebra bought a basket of carrots for the little grandson. In this way, all the animals by the pond and in the forest have come. At night, all the jumping vegetables were sold out. He was glad to think that the idea of \u200b\u200bgrowing vegetables was really good. Not only could he see old friends, but also meet many new friends. At night, all the jumping vegetables were sold out."}, {"nb": 1366, "data": "When it was raining, the little white rabbit was picking mushrooms on the grass and was having a good time. Suddenly, it was blowing wind and rain. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and put it on its head as an umbrella. It won't rain anymore. Suddenly, it saw a chick screaming. \"Chick, come under the leaves!\" So the chick and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing in the rain again. \"Little cat, come under the leaves!\" So three of them were hiding under the big leaves. The rain stopped and they were happily playing together again. \"Little cat, come under the leaves!"}, {"nb": 1367, "data": "Spring is here. What color should be painted in the spring sun? Oh, draw a colorful one. Because spring is a colorful season. Because spring is a colorful season."}, {"nb": 1368, "data": "Once when I was appreciating the coins, I saw three Japanese characters \"Japan\" on Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said, \"In the Tang Dynasty in China, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan did not have a native language. When we saw the beautifulness of Chinese characters, we borrowed a part of them and created our own characters. Until now, there are still thousands 10,000 Chinese characters are used in Japan. \"Once I was enjoying the coins, I saw the three characters\" Japan \"on the Japanese coins. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father."}, {"nb": 1369, "data": "Little Monkey makes a call A little monkey has a phone installed in his house. He thinks: It's so convenient to invite friends to be a guest at home now. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. Dial the white rabbit's phone number first, and said, \"Hey, is it a three-flap mouth?\" Little White Rabbit was angry with him. He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat piggyball house?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the monkey: \"It 's too impolite for you to call. You don't know how to respect others. How can others come to be a guest?\" Hearing, he lowered his head in shame. The little monkey heard it, and bowed its head in shame."}, {"nb": 1370, "data": "The small tropical fish is beautiful! The small tropical fish has a triangular body and is golden yellow in color. The tail is black and a triangle. The small tropical fish has small round eyes on its head, a pointed mouth, and two long and black beards under the mouth! The small tropical fish has small round eyes on its head, a pointed mouth, and two long and black beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 1371, "data": "The size of the cow Two ants argue about the size of the cow. One ant climbed to the hooves of the cow and said, \"A cow is not much bigger than a bowl.\" Another ant climbed to the horns said, \"No, the cow is curved, about the same length as a cucumber.\" The cow heard it and smiled. He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" The two ants crawled around the cow, and for a while they hadn't crawled through the whole body of the cow. They said, \"The bull is so tall!\" The size of the bull Two ants argue about the size of the bull."}, {"nb": 1372, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\""}, {"nb": 1373, "data": "Little white rabbit wants to build a building, but I don't know which floor to live in. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother rooster, which floor should I live in?\" The rooster said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor. The building is warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day when construction started, the goat father came, and he advised the little white rabbit to lay the foundation, otherwise the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter. I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. Little White Rabbit's building was just finished, and it was raining heavily in the \"Booming\". The black soil below the building turned into mud, and the building fell down. On the second floor where the little white rabbit was to live, it broke to the east and one to the west, and fell to the ground. Little white rabbit wants to build a building, but I don't know which floor is better. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother rooster, which floor should I live in?"}, {"nb": 1374, "data": "Qi Baishi is a famous painter in China. He cherishes time very much, never wastes time, and always insists on himself with the phrase \"don't teach a day to spare\". Once, Qi Baishi had his 90th birthday. He was too late to send the last guests away. At this time he thought that the task of painting today has not been completed yet, and he should finish painting before going to bed, so he took up his pen to paint. Only after his family repeatedly discouraged him went to rest. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be tired, so he advised him to take a rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be tired, so he advised him to take a rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday."}, {"nb": 1375, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and drew pictures. I first drew a forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forests are green and the trees are very dense. I painted a clear blue sky above the forest. There are still white clouds floating in the sky. Then I drew a few birds in the forest, yellow feathers, and pointed mouths, which were very interesting. In the end, I gave the picture a name: \"Bird's Home\". Then I drew a few birds in the forest, yellow feathers, and pointed mouths, which were very interesting."}, {"nb": 1376, "data": "Several people who eat watermelon in Avanti want to tease Avanti, ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and them were laughing while eating watermelon. Those people secretly threw Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon peels behind Afanti, and said, \"Oh, so many melons, how many watermelons did Afanti eat! He must be so bad!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said unhurriedly: \"It seems that I'm not as stingy as you. Why don't you even eat the melon?\" Those people secretly left the melon behind Afanti."}, {"nb": 1377, "data": "The rainbow stopped in the evening. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky to the west. \"What a beautiful rainbow!\" I said loudly. The younger brother heard the sound and came to the window. The long rainbow stretches in the clear sky to the west, and it looks like a bridge. Red, yellow, green, orange, purple, these colors are very bright. I hurried to the outside of the house in a hurry, and flew towards the rainbow as if running past. I want to run under the rainbow and look up. Run, run, but no matter how I run, I can't catch the rainbow. My brother learns what I look like and opens his hands and looks very happy. Rainbow, you are so beautiful! The long rainbow stretches in the clear sky to the west, and it looks like a bridge."}, {"nb": 1378, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the little dog next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!"}, {"nb": 1379, "data": "Planting the sun I have a beautiful wish to grow the sun when I grow up. It is enough to plant one seed, and many suns will be produced. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One in winter and one in the evening. At that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright. Planting the sun I have a beautiful wish to grow the sun when I grow up."}, {"nb": 1380, "data": "Yeti stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, little cat and little dog came, and said to the snowman, \"We are looking for spring. When we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, and when they saw a row of budding willow branches, the puppy broke a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a bunch of tadpoles, the kittens took a bottle. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone."}, {"nb": 1381, "data": "Now, I'm cola, and help the adult hold the osmanthus tree and shake it hard. Shake, shake, sweet-scented osmanthus fall, we are covered with sweet-scented osmanthus. I shouted, \"Ah! It's like rain, fragrant rain!\" Shake, shake, osmanthus falls, we are covered with sweet-scented osmanthus."}, {"nb": 1382, "data": "Who is the wisest to have a king give three sons one coin each. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw and did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground. He could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest? The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room."}, {"nb": 1383, "data": "There is a little cat in my house. It is covered with long hairs. It is so beautiful that it is black and white. It has round eyes, like a glass ball, and emits green light at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. With a little sound, the ears immediately rise. It also has a furry tail, and when it's happy, it swings left and right, like a flower stick. The scent of the cat's nose is very sensitive. It smells a little fishy all the way, and it can also smell. It has five small meat pads on its feet, soft like a quilt, and it walks quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. With a little sound, the ears immediately rise."}, {"nb": 1384, "data": "It was just dawning, and my mother called me up to see the clouds in the sky. The clouds in the sky are really beautiful: some are like red flowers, some are like white sheep, and some are like the most powerful elephants. It was just dawning, and my mother called me up to see the clouds in the sky."}, {"nb": 1385, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on a bench and eating snowballs with a big mouthful. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and snow flakes fell down one after another. \"I am Father Snow, you are welcome to come here.\" Masha came to Father Snow-the house made of ice, the wall with snowflakes embedded in it, and the bed was covered with snow mattresses. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Snow-white father-in-law said, \"I still have something wonderful here!\" Snow-white father raised the snow mattress, a piece of green wheat! Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it underneath?\" Snow-white father smiled: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter! The pests in the ground came across me and could not stand the cold, and they froze to death. Now. \"Oh, that's it. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly. She seemed to see spring when the wheat was heading and blooming. \"Martha came to Bai Xuegong 's house, a house made of ice, a wall with snowflakes in it, and a snow mattress on the bed."}, {"nb": 1386, "data": "I am a little snail and live in the field. I walk with my house on my back every day. I climb my tree on my back, play on my back, and look for food on my back. My house has no windows, and the sun never shines in. My home doesn't have tables and chairs, so I can only stay with myself. If you come to see me and there is no place for you to sit, I think it is better for me to go to you. My house has no windows, and the sun never shines in."}, {"nb": 1387, "data": "The little stream sang again.The little stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued on and on. People who walked by the stream praised her: \"How beautiful and beautiful the river is, and the singing is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped beside a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear and so beautiful, why run again? Let's rest!\" The stream stopped and didn't sing. Gradually, she became cloudy. The drizzle advised her: \"Small stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After listening to the drizzle, the stream passed around the big bluestone and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds are reflected in the stream again. \"After listening to the drizzle, the brook flowed around the big bluestone, and began to sing again."}, {"nb": 1388, "data": "Rat meeting! One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse is afraid to go out all day. What can we do? King Rat thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together for a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. King Mouse suggested that everyone hang a bell on the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat comes out, the mice will know. But who can hang the bell? Everyone wants to come and go. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task. Unfortunately, the mouse Mimi was killed by the cat. Since then, the mouse is even more afraid of the cat. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task."}, {"nb": 1389, "data": "Xiaoming, a naughty child, is a very naughty boy. One day, he ran home full of mud and hugged his mother's neck and asked, \"Mom, tomorrow is Mother's Day. What gift do you want to receive?\" The mother looked at the dirty Xiao Ming and said, smiling: \"Mom don't have any gifts, just hope that there is a good child who is sensible and clean!\" Xiao Ming looked at himself, his cuffs and placket were covered with mud. Xiaoming suddenly understood her mother's meaning, lowered her head and blushed and said, \"Mom, I won't play mud anymore. I want to be a good-looking boy!\" After that, Xiaoming will be covered with mud. After changing it, I put on clean clothes and ran out happily. Mom watched Xiao Ming ran out and smiled reassuringly. \"Xiao Ming looked at himself, and his cuffs and placket were covered with mud."}, {"nb": 1390, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he looked at the stream, he exclaimed angrily: \"Ahh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!\" He was surprised and delighted. He couldn't believe he was so beautiful. He said to the crow gratefully: I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hands are so clever. You are such a brilliant artist!"}, {"nb": 1391, "data": "The crow who loves to listen to good things one day, the fox doesn't eat for a day, and his stomach is very hungry. It saw the crow flying in the sky and thought, \"How can I eat a crow?\" The fox pretended to smile, and said to the crow, \"Miss Crow, you are getting more and more beautiful. The walking posture is more beautiful than a peacock!\" The crow loves to be told that it is beautiful, so it flies down and walks up and down before the fox. The fox pretended to be concerned and said, \"Miss Crow, why do you have so few clothes to spend the winter?\" The crow said, \"I just warm my head under the wings!\" The fox said, \"You are so smart! But what about the head? How about digging under the wings? \"The crow was so happy after hearing so much good words. It said, \"I'll drill it for you.\" Then he drilled his head under the wings. The crow 's head had just penetrated into its wings, and the fox said \"What a good thing! What a good thing!\" He rushed up and ate the crow. \"The crow loves to be told that it is beautiful, so it flies down and walks up and down in front of the fox."}, {"nb": 1392, "data": "There are three little goldfishes in goldfish learning. They look very beautiful. They find it very boring to swim in the water every day, so they decided to learn a little skill. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was caught by a hermit crab. After a lesson learned, it started to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"Scavenger\" (a kind of fish nickname) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so they decided to learn this line. At the beginning it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long for me to get tired. It said: \"Cleaning the environment every day, back pain, I can't stand it.\" In the end, it was only halfway. The third naughty little goldfish learns to swim with swordfish. As soon as the swordfish said the essentials of learning to swim, it swims impatiently. I thought: I will have these things for a long time, and there is nothing to learn. One month later, the blister-eye little goldfish learned something, and the other two little goldfish could only swim to and fro without success. The second red-tailed fish saw \"Scavenger\" (a kind of fish nickname) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so they decided to learn this line."}, {"nb": 1393, "data": "Six dolls, seven pits and a hot day, the seven little boys led by Vrancik came to the river. They built roads and built bunkers on the beach. Tired of playing, he fluttered and jumped into the river. They swam and barked in the river, and the white water splashed into a slice. Vrancik looked at his partner and counted one by one: \"One, two, three ...\" He clicked it several times, and only counted six. He panicked and said, \"Hey! Who was submerged in the water? When we came there were seven, but now there are only six!\" The children panicked and clicked a few. \"Six! Only six!\" They cried one after the other. Some of them used branches to fish in the river; others slammed into the river to touch them, yelling loudly, and making a mess. When Vrancik felt something in the water, he yelled: \"Here! I'll catch him!\" \"Grasp him, don't let go!\" The group yelled desperately to Vrancik Swim. At this time, Vranzik dragged a leather boot from the water. \"Well, what can I do?\" The children were so anxious that they were crying. There was an old man fishing near the river. He saw the children's confusion, heard the children's exclamation, and said to them, \"Hurry up ashore. Everyone sit in a pit on the beach, and then count . \"The children listened to the fisherman and went to the beach to sit in a pit. Vrancik ordered a few pits: \"Seven! No more, no less, seven.\" At this time the children were all happy, jumping and jumping with joy. In this way, six children sat out of one pit with seven butts. Franzik looked at his partner and counted one by one: \"One, two, three ...\" He clicked it several times, and only counted six."}, {"nb": 1394, "data": "Good friends of crops-frogs There are many types of frogs. The common one is the black-spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on the top of the head, and the vision is sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but not sensitive to lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth. The main food for frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop. There are a pair of protruding eyes on both sides of the head, which are very sharp and can quickly find flying bugs, but they are not sensitive to lying bugs."}, {"nb": 1395, "data": "The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest."}, {"nb": 1396, "data": "Stars in the sky Autumn night is the best time to watch the stars. See how many bright stars are hanging on the dark blue sky! They are beautiful in color: red, blue, yellow, white ... just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. And Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... the constellations are as knowledgeable as the stars in the sky! Stars in the sky Autumn night is the best time to watch the stars."}, {"nb": 1397, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small trees are budding. The little horse came and stepped down the grass. The little bear came and shook the little tree. Here comes the little monkey, plucking the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends, please go away.\" The bird came, caught the bugs, the bees came, and passed pollen. Here comes the child, watering it. Flowers, trees and trees said with a smile: \"We all like this kind of friend, you stay.\" Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small trees are budding."}, {"nb": 1398, "data": "The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying. When the little deer saw it, he rushed over and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?\" Little white rabbit said, \"I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home.\" Little deer Comforting the little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live? May I take you home?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, thank you.\" The little deer wiped tears for the little white rabbit, and said, \"Hurry Don't cry, see your eyes are crying red. \"Said the little deer carrying her little white rabbit and sent her home. The little deer comforted the little white rabbit and said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live?\""}, {"nb": 1399, "data": "As soon as she entered the house, Chen Yi came to her mother's bed, took her hand, and carefully asked about her condition. He saw that his mother hadn't washed the clothes yet, so he brought in a basin of water, and while he was washing the clothes, he talked with his mother about the housework. As soon as she entered the house, Chen Yi came to her mother's bed, took her hand, and carefully asked about her condition."}, {"nb": 1400, "data": "In the doctor's forest of trees, there is a hundred-year-old tree, which grows leafy and is a good place for birds to play. One day, for some reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to see the woodpecker doctor. The woodpecker doctor flew over. He stopped on a branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-a sharp mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then extended his mouth in to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, the tree worms on the old tree were completely eaten by the woodpecker. Wow ! So comfortable. The old tree opened a smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No thanks, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again. After a while, the tree worms on the old tree were completely eaten by the woodpecker."}, {"nb": 1401, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. Uncle Hippo is selling balloons."}, {"nb": 1402, "data": "The plain hometown is on the plain. The plain she paints is so flat and so broad. There are golden rice, white cotton, and a large piece of green vegetable field. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house, and bamboo in the back. The little girl running on the field is plain. The plain hometown is on the plain."}, {"nb": 1403, "data": "Now, I'm cola, and help the adult hold the osmanthus tree and shake it hard. Shake, shake, sweet-scented osmanthus fall, we are covered with sweet-scented osmanthus. I shouted, \"Ah! It's like rain, fragrant rain!\" Shake, shake, osmanthus falls, we are covered with sweet-scented osmanthus."}, {"nb": 1404, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chicks, kittens, bears, and monkeys played together in the woods. They saw the puppies building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we also build a house?\" \"Okay!\" Lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out. The kitten said, \"Not good, not good. I want to build the house by the river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river!\" The bear said, \"I want to live in a cave. Yes, let's dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened, jumped up, and said,\" What's the matter? I think it's better to live in a tree, that's more comfortable! \" Where is it? \"Said the kitten.\" No, no."}, {"nb": 1405, "data": "A pair of small shoes The rabbit has found a pair of beautiful small shoes.Who's it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Look for the duckling. The duckling said, \"No, no, I have webs on my feet. I can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Look for the bird. The bird said, \"No, no, my feet are pointed. Can Grasp the branches, I never wear shoes. \"Look for the kitten. The kitten said,\" No, no, I have a soft pad on my feet, and there is no sound when I walk, I never wear shoes. \" The horse, the pony said, \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can go a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the rabbit saw a little baby, light Running on the beach with my feet ... Rabbit asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said, \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right The little rabbit said, \"Thank you!\" Look for the little duck, and the little duck said, \"No, no, I have webs on my feet, To splash water, I never wear shoes."}, {"nb": 1406, "data": "White water vapor. In the winter, when children talk to others outdoors, have they found that as long as they open their mouths, a lot of white vapor will come out of their mouths? That \u2019s because the outdoor temperature in winter is very low, and the body temperature of the human body is higher than the temperature of the outside air. The breath exhaled from people \u2019s mouth is hot air. , It will immediately condense into very small tiny water droplets. These small water droplets make the sunlight look like white water vapor. That \u2019s because the outdoor temperature in winter is very low, and the body temperature of the human body is higher than the temperature of the outside air. The breath exhaled from people \u2019s mouth is hot air. , It will immediately condense into very small tiny water droplets. These small water droplets make the sunlight look like white water vapor."}, {"nb": 1407, "data": "Monkey learning skills On Sunday, the monkey didn't know what to do, so he went to the underground railway to find the little white rabbit. It saw the little white rabbit writing at home, and found it very interesting, so he decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me to write?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, go home and practice for yourself!\" The monkey came home and took out his pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone blowing a trumpet outside. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Bear. The little monkey also found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this profession. It blows and blows. It always blows, so it doesn't want to learn anymore. Just then, he saw Sister Deer practicing running again. It was running fast! It also decided to learn to run. However, after running a few times, I felt too tired and didn't learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy the three little friends are! But little monkey did not learn anything. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy the three little friends are!"}, {"nb": 1408, "data": "The walking moon Xiaoyanyan likes to go to her grandmother's house. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path. Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did the moon follow us to grandma's house?\" The mother said, \"The moon loves Xiaoyanyan. Wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon follows.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought \"Mom, let's go back.\" \"Why?\" Mom was surprised. \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ...\" Mom laughed. He said, \"Good boy, the moon loves your dad, too, and there is a moon on the dad's side.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused. She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\" Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed."}, {"nb": 1409, "data": "The black swan The black swan heard everyone saying that the goose is beautiful in the daytime, and thought, \"I'm not born black, it's born white!\" Hi ! If only one day I could exchange a feather with a white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. Taking advantage of the sleeping time of the white swan, it quietly smeared the ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, just as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced, \"You see, the white swan has become black, I have become white, the white swan is ugly, and I am beautiful!\" They laughed at the black swan. The Black Swan was puzzled for a moment. At this time, the eldest sister came over and said earnestly: \"Sister, we usually say that you are ugly, and that white swan beauty does not refer to your appearance, but to your inner heart. Usually, white swan thinks much for everyone, which is its advantage. ... you think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, wouldn't it prove your ugliness? In fact, what use is smearing and disguising yourself, it is not the original shape after a heavy rain. If you really If you want to lose your ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct the shortcomings. \"Usually, the white swan thinks much for everyone. This is its advantage."}, {"nb": 1410, "data": "A family with a square face and a round face lived at the foot of the mountain. There was a husband and a mother-in-law. Her husband is tall and thin, with a square face. The wife was short and very fat, with a round face and a round face. Square Face Husband likes square things. He sits on a square stool; he drinks a square cup; even if he walks, he takes four steps. Round-faced granny likes round things. She eats a round table; combs her hair and looks in a round mirror; she sleeps without a pillow and a big pumpkin. One day, the old couple quarreled and wanted to split up. The husband said, \"The square things are mine!\" The old woman said, \"The round things are mine!\" OK, let's settle, let's divide. The husband stood in a small courtyard and said, \"The house is square, it belongs to me.\" The old woman said, \"The courtyard is round. I have to demolish the roof ...\" The husband pointed to the table and chairs and said, \"The square stool The square is mys. \"The old lady said,\" The nails are round, and I have to take them down ... \"The old couple split up all morning, and the more they became unclear. Look at it: the quilt is square, and the flowers embroidered on the quilt are round! The kitchen knife is square, and the handle is round! The gown is square, and the sleeves are round! ... The couple looked at each other again and found out: The face of her husband is square, and her eyes are round! The granny's face is round, and the two front teeth are square! \"Haha!\" Her husband smiled. \"Flop!\" My wife was happy. Both her husband and her mother-in-law said, \"It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter!\" Now, the husband and his wife still live together, and they are happier when they pass. \"The old lady said,\" The nails are round. I have to take them down ..."}, {"nb": 1411, "data": "Mid-autumn moon The mid-autumn moon is round. Mom said, \"The round moon is like a plate.\" Dad said, \"The round moon is like a flying saucer, with a group of small stars behind its tail.\" I said, \"No, no! The moon is like a big moon cake, very delicious, It \u2019s very sweet, and I \u2019ll share it with you. \u201dThe moon heard me, thinking it would be eaten, and rushed into the clouds. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, so it came out again and hung brightly in the sky. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, so it came out again and hung brightly in the sky."}, {"nb": 1412, "data": "In the scorching sun in the desert, the mother sand chicken was sick, and she lay down under a cactus and panted, saying, \"Water, water ...\" The mother sand chicken quickly helped her mother find water. It looked in the endless desert and finally found a small puddle. Xiaosha chicken was so happy that he could not afford to drink it, and quickly dipped his furry body into the puddle. The grouse's feathers have a strong ability to absorb water, and after a while they are full of water. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I'll send you water!\" The mother grouse stuck her mouth into the feather of the little grouse, and sucked the water into her mouth. The sand chicken mother smiled and said, \"You are really a sensible child!\" Xiaosha chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you also gave me water like this!\" Xiaosha chicken was very happy, so he could not drink it, and hurry up Soak your furry body in the puddle."}, {"nb": 1413, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little dog walked home with the eagle in his arms, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!"}, {"nb": 1414, "data": "Giant pandas There are many rare animals in our country. The most lovely ones are the giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When the panda was small, he was very lively and liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I do n\u2019t like much activity, I often hold my head in my paws, and sleep loudly. Go tease it, it will open its eyes and look at it, and then sleep again. Sometimes it also swings its chubby body and walks around looking for food to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it hugs bamboo and eats deliciously. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black."}, {"nb": 1415, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky was exposed to a white color. Gradually, the belly of the fish became pale red, as if the redness appeared on the face after drinking a little wine. Then it slowly changed from pale red to dark red, and then changed from dark red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like gold apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and then turned into sapphires, pearls, and color jade ... It was really magnificent and unpredictable. Then it slowly changed from pale red to dark red, and then changed from dark red to golden color."}, {"nb": 1416, "data": "Grandpa Dong 's gift is gray. Grandpa Dong came to the world with naughty and cute snowflakes. The glittering little snowflakes are blooming all over the sky, and the white little flowers are floating! Little snowflakes put a white coat on spruce, and the spruce is warm; small snowflakes cover a wheat field with a white quilt, and wheat seedlings are warm. The naughty north wind came whistling and wanted to blow off the snow coat and run away the snow quilt. The north wind went to blow on the snow coat, but it sounded a series of pleasant bells. Alas, did Xiaoxue hang the bell on the spruce? Oh no, no, it is the snow coat of spruce that has a layer of ice flowers, the wind blows, Ding Ling, Ding Ling ... Snowflake puts on the white coat of spruce, and the spruce is warm;"}, {"nb": 1417, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered For the first time I saw snow, I jumped and jumped happily. The snowflakes fluttered. I took off my gloves. A snowflake fell on my hand. Before I could appreciate it, it disappeared in a hurry. Mom told me that snowflakes are winter flowers. But I thought that a snowflake was an elf ... The snowflakes fluttered, and I stretched out my hands and started to make a snowman different from others. It has white eyes and a white nose, and hides a white scarf. Other children told me that the snowman 's nose should be red and the snowman' s eyes should be black. But I felt that the snowman should be white ... The snowflakes fluttered. I stretched out my hands and started to make snowmen different from others."}, {"nb": 1418, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and darted at the little white rabbit, who was frightened and ran away. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased after him. \"Plop\", the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with drooling and drooling. The idea was to eat the little white rabbit. When the little monkey saw it, it immediately hung upside down from the tree and pulled the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wanted to eat the little white rabbit but could not eat it anymore. The little white rabbit was saved. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and darted at the little white rabbit, who was frightened and ran away."}, {"nb": 1419, "data": "The squirrel's tail The little white rabbit saw the squirrel with a big tail and felt very strange. He thought, what use is such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a big tree and landed gently on a small tree. That big light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw him and said, \"You can jump down from a tree that high. It turned out to be a big tail help!\" The squirrel said, \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail tilted, he covered his body. It turns out that when a squirrel sleeps, it treats its big tail as a soft and warm quilt! The little white rabbit saw her and said, \"You can jump down from such a tall tree. It turned out to be a big tail's help!"}, {"nb": 1420, "data": "A group of ants were busy outside the house. The little rooster tilted his head and asked, \"Are you happy, little ants?\" The ant replied, \"We are almost ready for the winter. We are very happy.\" Two swallows made nests under the eaves. They kept mulling back and forth, the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" The swallow said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" The little cock asked Aunt Sika: \"Aunt Sika Everyone is happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika said:\" Child, happiness needs to be found by yourself, happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \"Two swallows are in They made nests under the eaves, and they kept mudling back and forth, and the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?"}, {"nb": 1421, "data": "There are many wonderful plants in the world. Plants can eat bugs. In summer, a kind of pink grass is often seen in swamps. This is the felt moss that can catch flying insects. There are more than 200 small villi on the leaves of Felt Moss. These small villi can secrete a very viscous liquid. This viscous liquid also contains a very sweet taste and aroma. When the small insects smell this odor, Hurrying to fly, once it falls on its leaves, it will be firmly stuck. After 1 to 2 hours, the worms are digested and absorbed by the leaves. Plants also listen to music. An Indian scientist often likes playing the violin in the garden and playing a symphony. As time went by, he found that the flowers and trees in his garden grew extraordinarily lush. So he began to formally test rice. He plays a 25-minute symphony in a paddy field every day. One month later, it was found that the rice in this field grew more lush than the same rice that had not heard music, with an average plant height of more than 30 cm. In addition, there are potato vines that predict earthquakes, water hyacinths that can purify water, and lacquer trees that can \"bit people\" ... In summer, a light red grass is often seen in swamps. This is what catches flying insects. Felt moss."}, {"nb": 1422, "data": "When Kong Rong was a child, he used to buy pears at home. The pears were sweet and sweet. Everyone was rushing to get the big ones. But Kong Rong always took the smallest one. The father asked him why he wanted to take the younger, and he replied, \"Because I am young, of course I should take the younger, and leave the older one for my brother to eat.\" The father listened and praised him for being polite. When Kong Rong was a child, he used to buy pears at home, and the pears were sweet and sweet."}, {"nb": 1423, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, it's so useful! The scale is the \"bone\" of the fish exposed outside the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor, which has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent bacteria in the water from attacking it. The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter. Fish scales grow slower and darker in the winter; fish scales grow faster and lighter in the summer. The shapes of fish scales are also different. They are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped! The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter."}, {"nb": 1424, "data": "The more you look at the more you look in the garden, the winter melon lies on the ground, and the eggplant hangs on a branch. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden to see what is the difference between the melon and the eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and said, \"Mom, mom, the melon is big, eggplant It's small! \"Said the mother of the swallow,\" Yes. But, can you go and see again, what's the difference? \"The little swallow flew again, and said,\" Mom, mom, the melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Swallow's mother nodded and said,\" Very good. But can you take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again, and yelled happily when she returned. : \"Mom, Mom, I found that the skin of the winter melon has fine hair, and the eggplant's handle has small spines!\" Mother Swallow smiled happily: \"This child progresses from time to time.\" The more you look at the garden, the more you go Lying on the ground, eggplant hanging on a branch ."}, {"nb": 1425, "data": "Flaming Maple Leaf Today, I walked in the woods, looking for a flaming maple leaf. Whenever I pick up a maple leaf, I always think that I have found the hottest one. But before long, I found another piece that was even redder. Ah, I finally found one of the hottest maple leaves! It is redder than the morning glow and redder than the rose. It looks like my little palm. I stuck this reddest and hottest maple leaf on a piece of white paper and wrote a little poem to make a greeting card. I want to send this greeting card to my beloved teacher. Flaming Maple Leaf Today, I walked in the woods, looking for a flaming maple leaf."}, {"nb": 1426, "data": "On the day of picking the water, the mother got up before the chicken barked. She gently opened the door and saw a figure in the hazy night, struggling to pour water into the water tank while holding a bucket. The mother hurried over and saw that it turned out to be her son Zhu De. Mother touched Zhu De's tender shoulder and felt sad for a while. \"Mom, don't worry, I can do it!\" Then, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of this sensible child, the mother thought to herself, \"It's really pleasant to be so considerate of the elders and bear hardships!\" The mother hurriedly walked over to see that it was her son Zhu De."}, {"nb": 1427, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew into the sky with his plane. \"Oh, it flies!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene and thought about it and said, \"It seems that as long as you use your brain, there is nothing you can't do.\" The bear flew the plane into the sky, \"Oh, it flew!"}, {"nb": 1428, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. \"Said the frog.\" Can you call the sun out at night?"}, {"nb": 1429, "data": "The sun doll that loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she swollen her mouth round and blew towards the clouds around her, blew it, and blew out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round brain. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The sun doll was blowing in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus, and blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... the more she blew, I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea, and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew that white cloud into a beautiful white spray in the sea. The sun doll is blowing in the sky while blowing in the sky, blowing this white cloud into a lotus, and blowing that white cloud into Snow White ..."}, {"nb": 1430, "data": "The ants were saved and the sky slowly darkened. The little ants were still playing on the grass. He said to himself: \"It's going to rain, I have to run home.\" After that, he ran to his house, but the wind was too strong, and the little ant was blown into the river at once, he wow Crying, terrified. Fortunately, there was a leaf floating on the river, so he quickly climbed up the leaf. But the naughty Fenger came to make trouble again ... The little ant was swayed by the wind. At this moment, Sister Butterfly flew up and reached out to help, she said, \"Little ant, climb up quickly, I Bring it home for you. \"After speaking, the little ant jumped to the back of the butterfly. The butterfly spread its wings in the wind and flew up and down. After a while, I sent the little ants home. The mother and father of the little ant said, \"You are such a good butterfly!\" After finishing speaking, the little ant jumped to the back of the butterfly."}, {"nb": 1431, "data": "During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play. There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe. The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place. The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher. It likes to eat fresh leaves most, you see how fragrant it is! During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play."}, {"nb": 1432, "data": "Darwin Watering Flowers Darwin was very interested in flowers, insects, and fish, and was a very curious child. Once, Darwin and his friends played in the park. They talked about a cluster of golden primroses, talking eloquently: \"Why is the flower golden?\" \"Can its color change?\" Darwin's eyes widened and he looked for a while, surely the location Nodded and said, \"Well, this flower is golden by the sun! Because the sun is also golden. If you want to change the color of the flower, I see no problem!\" After that, Darwin ran home, found the watering can, and Get the red and blue ink on Dad's desk to the garden. He said with confidence: \"Look at me, when I pour it in red water, it will bloom red flowers; when I pour blue water, I will bloom blue flowers.\" As a result, Darwin failed, and this matter became his mind. A treasure in China. From small to large, he kept exploring and learning, and answered one question after another. Later, Darwin became a world-renowned biologist. Darwin's eyes widened for a while, and he nodded surely, \"Well, this flower is goldened by the sun!\""}, {"nb": 1433, "data": "The earliest locomotive was a steam locomotive. Later, people put the internal combustion engine on the train to make a diesel locomotive. Later, electric power trains and maglev trains were invented. Such a train is fast and has little pollution. It is really a \"green\" train. Such a train is fast and has little pollution. It is really a \"green\" train."}, {"nb": 1434, "data": "The lion dominates in the forest. Specialize in catching small animals to eat. The squirrel said, \"It ate my tail.\" The rabbit said, \"It ate my little brother.\" The monkey said, \"I have to find a way to cure it.\" One day, the monkey said to the lion: \"There is a river The big lion is going to eat you. \"The lion went to the river and looked at it. Sure enough, there was a fierce big lion. It jumped up and rushed into the river. \"One day, the little monkey said to the lion,\" A big lion by the river wants to eat you. \""}, {"nb": 1435, "data": "The examination before the rain is taking place at the animal weather station. The examiner is Dr. Frog. When the sun is clear and the sky is full of white clouds, the frog asks the candidate: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer was the turtle. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I think my back is wet. It's raining today afternoon.\" The frog said, \"The turtle's back is wet, it's a sign of rain. You got it right.\" The ants said to the frog, \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the rain followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog against the ground and said,\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" No problem , Swallows fly low, heavy rain is coming. \"So they were all accepted. The animal weather station is taking an exam before the rain. The examiner is Dr. Frog."}, {"nb": 1436, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, and the mother said, \"The sun is round and red.\" The little rabbit pointed at two red, round lanterns and asked, \"Is this the sun?\" The mother said, \"This is a lantern The sun is outside the house! \"The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed to three round, red radishes and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"The mother replied,\" This is a radish, and the sun is in the sky! \"Xiao The rabbit raised his head and pointed at the red, round balloon floating in the sky and asked, \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon. The sun will shine, you see ...\" I found the sun in the direction of my mother's finger. The little rabbit shouted loudly, \"I found it! The sun is red and round, shining on the body warm.\" The little rabbit found the sun in the direction of her mother 's finger."}, {"nb": 1437, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again."}, {"nb": 1438, "data": "I helped my mother do the dishes and had dinner. I was going to help my mother do the dishes. I put water in the pool first, poured a little detergent, and stroked it with my hands. A lot of bubbles popped out of the pool. Next, I soaked the bowl into the sink, and gently washed the inside and the outside of the bowl with a rag. Then, I washed the edges of the bowl, and finally, rinsed with water one by one. I picked up the bowl and rubbed it with my hands. The small bowl made a \"creak\" sound. Yeah, the bowl can sing! I also hummed the minor happily. I am very happy because I help my mother do the dishes. Next, I soaked the bowl into the sink, and gently washed the inside and the outside of the bowl with a rag. Then, I washed the edges of the bowl, and finally, rinsed with water one by one."}, {"nb": 1439, "data": "On the night of July 13, 2001, Beijing's bid for the 2008 Olympic Games was a success. Good news came, and people rushed to the streets by accident, and Beijing immediately became an ocean of joy. On the night of July 13, 2001, Beijing's bid for the 2008 Olympic Games was a success."}, {"nb": 1440, "data": "Multifunctional Bridge I am a bridge engineer and I designed a multifunctional bridge. It can move, it will stretch and shorten, it will rise and fall. When the water is heavy, I can erect this bridge on the water at any time. If the river water rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge. If the river recedes, I will lower the bridge again, shorten it, and transport it back to the warehouse. When the water is heavy, I can erect this bridge on the water at any time. If the river water rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge."}, {"nb": 1441, "data": "\"Mom, do you guess where I've been?\" Jiannan asked his mother on the steps at the door. Mom said, \"I can see it. Your shoes are covered with sand, your pants are covered with soil, and your jacket has some cement. You must be at the construction site.\" A few days later, the construction Nan asked his mother to guess where he had gone. \"This time, you must have gone to the woods. Look at the pine needles on your head and the dirt on your hands.\" Mom guessed effortlessly again. Jiannan decided to test her mother again so she couldn't guess it. He sneaked out of the house first, then turned and rang the doorbell. After entering the door, he asked, \"Mom, guess where am I going this time?\" Before Jiannan finished speaking, his mother gave a grin: \" Naughty, do you still guess? You just came out of the kitchen and didn't go anywhere else. Hurry and look in the mirror. \"A few days later, Jiannan asked his mother to guess where he was going again."}, {"nb": 1442, "data": "Rainbow and ancient bridge After the rain, a rainbow appeared in the blue sky. That rainbow is pretty. The old bridge after the rain is not like that. It is simple, silent, and roots the ancient roots on the solid ground, allowing people to come and go freely. Rainbow looked at the ancient bridge and squeezed out a laugh from the gap between the teeth: \"Hee hee! You can also call the bridge! Look at my colorful and high-hanging blue sky. Little old man, you deserve to be called a bridge too! \"The ancient bridge was silent, still silent, welcoming people from south to north. The rainbow became more proud. However, even he couldn't figure out what was going on. Suddenly, he found that he had gradually disappeared. But the ancient bridge still stood solidly. The rainbow became more proud."}, {"nb": 1443, "data": "Little Fox 's Necklace Little Fox and Mom and Dad planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, fava beans bloomed beautiful pansies, bearing many large and full fava beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother fox strung the broad beans and made a green necklace, which was hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox wore a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a friend to play with. On the way, the little fox met a little flower dog, and the little dog is lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely: \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly: \"My button was lost.\" At first glance, the little flower dog was missing a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little dog said happily, \"Thank you, little fox!\" \"Meow\" yelled fiercely, and she hurried over to see. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of the good friend Bunny. The little cat is preparing a picture for the bunny. There are green leaves and red flowers on the picture, but some fruits are missing. The little cat is not able to draw the fruits and is anxious to call. The little fox saw it, and immediately took off the necklace and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the picture. It was getting dark, and the little fox jumped back home. What happened to the little fox mother? Where did the little fox 's necklace go? Where did the little fox 's necklace go?"}, {"nb": 1444, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right!"}, {"nb": 1445, "data": "On the day of picking the water, the mother got up before the chicken barked. She gently opened the door and saw a figure in the hazy night, struggling to pour water into the water tank while holding a bucket. The mother hurried over and saw that it turned out to be her son Zhu De. Mother touched Zhu De's tender shoulder and felt sad for a while. \"Mom, don't worry, I can do it!\" Then, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of this sensible child, the mother thought to herself, \"It's really pleasant to be so considerate of the elders and bear hardships at such a young age!\" Mother touched Zhu De's tender shoulders and felt sad."}, {"nb": 1446, "data": "I stomped my handkerchief behind his back. I didn't expect Xiao Ming to realize it soon. As soon as he got the handkerchief, he chased after pulling his legs. I stomped my handkerchief behind his back. I didn't expect Xiao Ming to realize it soon."}, {"nb": 1447, "data": "Seeing the animals knowing the weather The changing weather directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, as the humidity in the air increased, the water absorbed by the soil increased greatly, so the ant nests built in the soil became humid. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance."}, {"nb": 1448, "data": "Flying a kite On Saturday afternoon, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites above the square! There are golden \"bees\", there are snow-white \"swans\", and silver-gray \"doves\". They fly freely and decorate the sky above Tiananmen Square colorfully. Flying a kite On Saturday afternoon, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites above the square!"}, {"nb": 1449, "data": "Where are the ears? Mother frog Let the little frog take a look in nature. Where are the ears of the animals? The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog held a locust brightly, and the frog fat caught a small tadpole, but they could not find the ears of the small animal. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts, and tadpoles on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" The little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little tadpoles were free. They couldn't help but laughed in unison: \"How do you know we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the small mosquito. \"My ears are on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly and said. \"My ears are here!\" Said Xiao Yan, raising the two lower legs in front. \"My ears are on my belly."}, {"nb": 1450, "data": "It 's so fun by the lotus pond. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond was covered with lotus leaves and filled with lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaves, like a green umbrella that is spread out, are shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond most. Hidden in a large water basin, use your hands to paddle and paddle, sway, sway into the lotus, hide under the lotus leaf in the wind, and listen to the frog howling. It's raining, the rain hits the lotus leaves, and it clicks, like an \"umbrella\" that really rests on our heads! It's raining, the rain hits the lotus leaves, and it clicks, like an \"umbrella\" that really rests on our heads!"}, {"nb": 1451, "data": "Little friend, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on campus. I quietly closed the water pipe. The water pipe said: \"Thank you, boy! On the grass, the plastic bag is so compressed that the grass is too tight. I bent down and picked up the plastic bag. Xiao Cao said: Children, thank you! By the side of Xiao Tang, a group of children are catching slugs. I urge them to put them back quickly. I said: \"Thank you, my little friend! A small tree has been peeled off by the side of the road, and I immediately wrapped it with a cloth strip.\" Xiaoshu said: Thank you, my friend! On the grass, the plastic bag is so compressed that I can't breathe the grass. I bent down and picked up the plastic bag."}, {"nb": 1452, "data": "Cute little cat There is a little cat in my family. The cat 's small ears are straight and their eyes are round. It has eight beards near its mouth, which are thin, long, and stiff. I know that it is used to measure the size of a rat's hole. The little cat is full of yellow and black patterns. Only four of the claws were white, and there were five small claw-like claws on it, and there was no sound when walking. It also has a long tail that always swings back and forth. During the day, the little cat always loves to sleep, and keeps snoring in her mouth. In the evening, it walked here, and looked there, as if spying on mouse activity. I really like this cute little cat. In the evening, it walked here, and looked there, as if spying on mouse activity."}, {"nb": 1453, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better."}, {"nb": 1454, "data": "The small tree came through the winter, and the northwest wind was blowing, and we put on a cotton coat. Dad said: \"We are cold, and the little tree is cold too. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then tied it carefully one by one with a rope. Looking at the small tree in front of me, I said happily, \"The small tree is not afraid of wind and rain when it is wearing a winter coat.\" As my father brought straw and rope, I quickly followed my father to the small tree."}, {"nb": 1455, "data": "Several kinds of animals in the zoo are playing seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The squirrel cannot raise the sika. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot raise the red panda. The baby squirrel plays with the baby monkey. The baby squirrel cannot lift the baby monkey up. The sika deer and the red panda play together, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the most important? The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The squirrel cannot raise the sika."}, {"nb": 1456, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! Mom opened the window, it turned out to be windy."}, {"nb": 1457, "data": "Once upon a time, there were two generals. They went to buy a shield together. The shield man picked up a shield and showed them. The general standing on the left of the shield looked at it and said, \"This gold shield is very good!\" The general standing on the right said, \"You're wrong, this is a silver shield.\" The two generals argued like this. The shield man said, \"This shield is gold on one side and silver on the other. You can only look at one side. How can it be good?\" They went to buy the shield together."}, {"nb": 1458, "data": "I like rain. The rain of spring germinates the seeds, and the land is a pink willow green. The rain in summer bathed the ground and people felt cool. The rain of autumn put a golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible. It was like someone in the sky poured down a pot of water, washed out the road, and damaged the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people and sometimes brings disasters to people. I like rain."}, {"nb": 1459, "data": "Gift On my birthday, my mother gave me a special birthday gift. A cute bird is kept in a new cage. Outside the window, the birds sang on the branches. I opened the birdcage and let out the birds. The bird flew quickly into the sky. This is my gift to nature. I opened the birdcage and let out the birds."}, {"nb": 1460, "data": "Little goldfish There are three little goldfishes in my family. They are all different and have their own characteristics. I also gave them names, such as the smallest one called \"Little Little\". It has two colors on its body: red and white. Its mouths are closed one by one and it keeps blowing bubbles. what ! It doesn't need bubble water! The goldfish's ears are so small that they can hardly be seen. Look at the tail of \"little little\", swing it back and forth, shake it back and forth. \"Well, doesn't it sleep?\" You ask. No, it sleeps, but it has no eyelids, and can only sleep with its eyes open. Little goldfish is usually slow-moving, but sometimes it can be very fast. For example, once you hit the fish tank, the small goldfish will quickly swim to the bottom of the water. Little goldfish eating is fun! Put the fish food into the water, and the small goldfish will swim quickly and open its mouth to eat. If the fish food is \"blowing\" bubbles in the mouth, the fish food will fall out of its mouth, but the small goldfish will still swallow half of the fish food. I like little goldfish very much. Little goldfish is usually slow-moving, but sometimes it can be very fast."}, {"nb": 1461, "data": "The black swan The black swan heard everyone saying that the goose is beautiful in the daytime, and thought, \"I'm not born black, it's born white!\" Hi ! If only one day I could exchange a feather with a white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. Taking advantage of the sleeping time of the white swan, it quietly smeared the ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, just as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced, \"You see, the white swan has become black, I have become white, the white swan is ugly, and I am beautiful!\" They laughed at the black swan. The Black Swan was puzzled for a moment. At this time, the eldest sister came over and said earnestly: \"Sister, we usually say that you are ugly, and that white swan beauty does not refer to your appearance, but to your inner heart. Usually, white swan thinks much for everyone, which is its advantage. ... you think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, wouldn't it prove your ugliness? In fact, what use is smearing and disguising yourself, it is not the original shape after a heavy rain. If you really If you want to lose your ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must completely correct the shortcomings. \"Finally, the black swan came up with a solution."}, {"nb": 1462, "data": "The wild geese fly in one two three four five six seven, and the wild geese fly in one. Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, the wild geese are flying neatly. Arranged as \"people\" and \"one\", the geese are all disciplined. Arranged as \"people\" and \"one\", the geese are all disciplined."}, {"nb": 1463, "data": "Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland. Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like blood vessels on the motherland of the motherland, which brings the power of life to the motherland. Do you know, kid? Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province, northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Miles Yangtze River is the largest river in the motherland, and it is also the world's famous river. Of the millions of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest?"}, {"nb": 1464, "data": "Grandma 's Small Mountain Village Grandma lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus number 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and erect trees, not far from the tea gardens, two or three tea farmers were picking tea, and there was a large field of green wheat. Several farmers are mowing near and far. We are getting closer and closer to Grandma 's house. See, Xiaoshan Village is green everywhere, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, and even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and large pond in front of Grandma's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. The western part of the pond is a willow girl with long braids. The wicker is blown by the wind. Wagging gently, as if dancing! Ah, how beautiful the hill village of Grandma \u2019s house is! Look, there is a wide and large pond in front of Grandma \u2019s house. There are a few ducklings swimming freely in the water. Girl Willow, The wicker swayed gently under the wind, as if dancing!"}, {"nb": 1465, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel."}, {"nb": 1466, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the stream and looked at it, he exclaimed angrily: \"Ahh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant one by one with the seven colors found by the magpie. At the end, I painted very carefully."}, {"nb": 1467, "data": "Little grass By the road, on the banks of the river, inconspicuous little grasses fill nature with life. In the spring, a slight spring breeze blew, and the grass and the newly waking partners danced cheerfully. As they dance, they grow with the spring breeze. In the summer, the sun scorches the earth. People come to the grass and sit on the grass. The grass is like a loving mother who holds people in her arms, so that the tired people can eliminate the fatigue brought by the heat. She never cares what people give, prefers to contribute to people. In the autumn, a cool breeze blew, and she suddenly became pale and thin. The cold wind brought winter here, and the roots of the grass had penetrated deeply into the soil. When spring came the next year, she got out of the soil again. People come to the grass and sit on the grass. The grass is like a loving mother who holds people in her arms, so that the tired people can eliminate the fatigue brought by the heat."}, {"nb": 1468, "data": "The little monkey was not attentive to the math class. After school, he would not do math problems, so he went to the old cow's house and said, \"Hey! Old cow, how do you do this?\" The old cow ignored it. After a while, the little rabbit came to the old cow and said, \"Uncle Niu, would you please tell me about this problem?\" The old cow said patiently. After a while, the little rabbit came to the old cow and said, \"Uncle Niu, would you please tell me about this problem?"}, {"nb": 1469, "data": "It is strange that Mr. Fox sent his son to school. The owl teacher asked the little fox to make a sentence \"really weird\". Outside the classroom window, Mr. Fox and his parents looked around. The little fox said proudly: \"My dad showed sharp teeth when he was eating chicken at home. It was amazing; when my dad was smiling outside, he couldn't see a sharp tooth, it was strange!\" Mr. Fox was so angry that he showed Mouth full of fangs. Then he immediately closed his mouth and showed a moving smile. The surrounding parents couldn't help but marvel: \"It's weird!\" When my father smiled outside, he couldn't see a sharp tooth, it was weird!"}, {"nb": 1470, "data": "Dandelion In the spring, a dandelion grows under the window of the Lele family. Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele Yellow flowers bloomed under the dandelion under the house window. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are beautiful, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will be very painful. When you get the result, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, The dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelions are here to see me!\" \"In summer, dandelions under Lele's home window bloomed yellow flowers."}, {"nb": 1471, "data": "Whenever I go out in winter, my grandmother always wears her gray woolen cap. But today, she only wore a scarf. She said, \"A hole has been ripped in the hat, so I need to make up for it.\" I looked at the woolen cap, thought about it, ran back to the house, pulled out a pair of cotton gloves I had worn as a kid, and removed the top A small flower, compared, and found that it is suitable to put in the hole in the grandmother's hat! I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed. At night, I heard my grandmother's shout: \"Who helped me make up my hat? Beautiful and warm!\" I smiled secretly, this is my little secret, to hide in my heart. I carefully stitched my hat with a thread and put it on my grandmother's bed."}, {"nb": 1472, "data": "The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is really good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me, \"This is a phalaenopsis.\" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said,\" This flower is very strange, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I take a closer look. The petals of this flower are half purple and the other half It's white, blown by the wind, like a flying butterfly, it's amazing! \"I observed carefully that half of the petals of this flower are purple and the other half are white. When the wind blows, it is like a flying butterfly. It is really amazing!"}, {"nb": 1473, "data": "Little paper boat Little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the doorstep of his good friend Red Squirrel. But one day they quarreled and the little brown bear never gave a little paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear was very sad. He still folded the small paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat that the little brown bear had given him before and made him drift to the door of the little brown bear's house. They soon made up again. But one day they quarreled and the little brown bear never gave a little paper boat to the red squirrel again."}, {"nb": 1474, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, and the mother said, \"The sun is round and red.\" The little rabbit pointed at two red, round lanterns and asked, \"Is this the sun?\" The mother said, \"This is a lantern The sun is outside the house! \"The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed to three round, red radishes and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"The mother replied,\" This is a radish, and the sun is in the sky! \"Xiao The rabbit raised his head and pointed at the red, round balloon floating in the sky and asked, \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon. The sun will shine, you see ...\" I found the sun in the direction of my mother's finger. The little rabbit shouted loudly, \"I found it! The sun is red and round, shining on the body warm.\" The sun is red and round, shining on the body warm."}, {"nb": 1475, "data": "The leaves are autumn and the weather is cold. The leaves are falling from the branches. The leaves fell to the ground and the worm crawled over and lay inside, using it as a house. The leaves fell in the ditch, and the ant climbed up and sat in the middle, using it as a boat. The leaves fell in the river, and the little fish came over and hid underneath, using it as an umbrella. The leaves fell to the ground and the worm crawled over and lay inside, using it as a house."}, {"nb": 1476, "data": "The shadow is before, and the shadow is behind. The shadow always follows me, like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 1477, "data": "A small drop of water sneaked up to the top of the waterfall to play. Unexpectedly, I climbed to the top of the waterfall, and was pulled to the sky by the sun. After converging with thousands of drops of water into a cloud, it turned into a magic in the sky. The rabbit, after a while, became a running white horse. Under the sun 's rays, the small water droplets draped the clouds with gold rims, and they were extremely happy. Unexpectedly, I climbed to the top of the waterfall, and was pulled to the sky by the sun. After converging with thousands of drops of water into a cloud, it turned into a magic in the sky. The rabbit, after a while, became a running white horse."}, {"nb": 1478, "data": "The first big apple and the little bear's apple were ripe. He invited a friend to taste it. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat first? The little deer said, \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Give me this big apple.\" The little monkey said, \"In the winter, I pass the thick straw clothes to the fruit trees. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Give me this big apple. \"What should I do? The little bear's eyes turned, and the apple was cut into six pieces. He picked the two largest pieces and gave them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understand: You must first think of your elders when eating, and sharing happiness is the happiest one. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree."}, {"nb": 1479, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care."}, {"nb": 1480, "data": "The seven-year-old poet Luo Bin was a famous poet in the Tang Dynasty. He wrote poetry when he was seven years old. One day, King Luo Bin was playing by the pond, and he saw two white geese swimming on the turquoise water. The little white goose also stretched its neck and cried happily. King Luo Bin was so enchanted that he wrote a poem: Goose Goose Goose, the song Xiang Xiang Ge. White hairs float in green water, and anthuriums clear the waves. This poem written by a seven-year-old poet has been passed down to the present day. The seven-year-old poet Luo Bin was a famous poet in the Tang Dynasty."}, {"nb": 1481, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash."}, {"nb": 1482, "data": "Snowflakes were blowing in the north wind, and snowflakes were falling from the sky. Snowflakes fell on the trees, and the trees were covered with snow-white pear flowers. Snowflakes fell on the field, and the wheat seedlings were covered with thick quilts. Snowflakes fell on Mom 's coat, which was strewn with glittering flowers. Snowflakes were blowing in the north wind, and snowflakes were falling from the sky."}, {"nb": 1483, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am \"It won't be hit.\" The merchant asked the blind man strangely, \"Why do you hit a lantern?\""}, {"nb": 1484, "data": "Story of Madam Curie as a Child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who studied very intently. No matter how noisy she is, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates were singing, dancing, and playing games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, she was reading a book intently. My sister and classmate want to test her. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria. As soon as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed minute by minute, Maria finished reading a book and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates have never teased her anymore, and have been studying and studying hard like Maria. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Madam Curie. Story of Madam Curie as a Child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who studied very intently."}, {"nb": 1485, "data": "A seed sleeps in the dirt. When he woke up and felt very warm, he held his body up. It was a little thirsty. After taking a sip of water, it felt very comfortable, and it held up its body. The spring breeze was blowing gently. The seed asked the earthworm: \"What's the sound outside?\" The earthworm said, \"That's the spring breeze. The spring breeze is telling us to go outside.\" \"What's it like outside? Is it so dark?\" \"No, it's bright outside.\" Earthworm As he said, he was digging out, \"I'll help you loosen the soil, so you can dig out.\" Seeds were very happy when they heard it, and they stood upright again. The spring breeze is singing, the springs are singing, the birds are singing, and the children are singing. When Seed heard that it was very lively outside, he quickly said, \"Ah, I'm going out!\" Seed held her body up again, and suddenly her eyes brightened. Ah, a bright world! \" Come on."}, {"nb": 1486, "data": "The scenery of the park is so beautiful Today, the sun is shining and there are a few white clouds floating in the blue sky. My parents and I are rowing in the lake in the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and is surrounded by colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. The birds are singing a gentle song on the tree. A group of children are playing the eagle-and-chicken game under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward with a big chest. . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... the park scenery is so beautiful! I ca n\u2019t help but sing loudly while sitting on the bow. Dad and mother sing softly to me while rowing: \u201cThe weather is so sunny today, the scenery is good, the scenery is so beautiful\u2026\u201d I ca n\u2019t help singing loudly on the bow My father and mother sang softly to me as they rowed the boat: \"It's sunny today, the scenery is beautiful everywhere, the scenery is beautiful ..."}, {"nb": 1487, "data": "One night fishing for ducks, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I had no bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that in my shoulder bag for hunting, there was a little piece of lard left. Great! Immediately I took out the lard and quickly tied it to a long and thin rope and threw the rope into the water. When the wild duck saw lard, it immediately came over. A pouting wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, after it entered the duck's mouth, it quickly passed the duck's intestine and slipped out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild ducks were put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over, one by one swallowed the lard, and they were worn on my rope one by one. In less than 10 minutes, all the wild ducks looked like beads. Dressed up. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was so tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me into the sky. I didn't hesitate to make a rudder out of my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my home. When the wild duck saw lard, it immediately came over."}, {"nb": 1488, "data": "Cheer up Our holiday team has organized a \"cheer up for free\" activity for bicycles. I laid a piece of paper on which I wrote \"free pumping\" on the ground, and then took the pump and shouted, \"Free pumping, free pumping ...\" Many people came to see me, and some people said, \"This The child was learning to do good deeds in Lei Feng ... \"I was very excited when I heard it, and shouted,\" Free cheering ... \"After a while, an uncle came to cheer up, I don't mention how happy I was, but that uncle was cheering up But gave me 4 cents. After a while, an uncle pumped up. It turned out that the uncle had to go out urgently, forgot to pump up the bicycle, and forgot to bring money, and was very anxious. When he saw my \"free pump\" booth, he immediately ran over to pump up . As he pumped up, he said, \"Thank you! Thank you!\" I said, \"Thank you, this little thing needs no thanks.\" I was very happy to think that I did a little thing that can bring a lot of convenience to others. Another aunt came to cheer up ... Cheer up Our holiday team organized a \"free cheering\" activity for bicycles."}, {"nb": 1489, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket and prepared for winter. It saw the sycamore tree trembling, and the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"It \u2019s cold, father of the sycamore tree, why do n\u2019t you grow more leaves, but you shed the leaves, and your whole body is bare. Are you afraid of cold in winter The sycamore tree laughed and said, \"Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter!\" The little squirrel asked in surprise: \"So, the leaves grow because they are afraid of heat?\" \"No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, it's very important! \"\" So ... \"The little squirrel didn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again and again: \"Our fallen leaves are a big thing, the leaves can emit moisture, the autumn is dry, and the roots drink less water. When the leaves are emitted, we will die if we lack water, and the leaves are dropped to keep the water. I can better winter. \"The Indus tree laughed and said,\" Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for the winter! \""}, {"nb": 1490, "data": "Is it going to rain? The little white rabbit looked forward in the pool, and the little fishes came to the water. The little white rabbit ran over and asked, \"Little fish, little fish, how can you be free today?\" The little fish said, \"It's going to rain. The water is so stuffy, we come to the water to let the air out. Little white rabbit, Come home quickly, be careful with the rain. \"Little White Rabbit ran over and asked,\" Little fish, little fish, how can you be free today?"}, {"nb": 1491, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. After a while, all the fans were sold out."}, {"nb": 1492, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the dirt. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the raindrops are constantly spraying, nourishing the dry little seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed sticks out his feet, sticks out his head, and grows into a bud with a hat. The rain stopped and the warm sun shone, and the young shoots took off the hat from their heads. The rain stopped and a gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on their new green clothes. The rain stopped and the warm sun shone, and the young shoots took off the hat from their heads."}, {"nb": 1493, "data": "How can I forget the summer in my childhood? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber stands are adorned with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black potato fields are dazzling; Little flowers hang on the eggplant tree, little sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden, Tonger played the strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; I learned to sing on the weeping willow next to the vegetable garden, and the frog beat the drum rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I was in the vegetable garden with a small basket on my side The young leek was cut, and the grasshopper jumped in to invite me to join the gala; the village heard the shouting of a mother waiting for chives to make dumplings, and my little flower skirt made the butterfly fly out of the vegetable garden. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden, and Bian Er played the strings for the butterfly accompaniment;"}, {"nb": 1494, "data": "During the summer vacation, my father took me to travel by plane. On the plane, through the window, I saw the blue sky and the white clouds. The plane flew higher and higher, flying higher than the white clouds. After getting off the plane, we took a tourist bus and came to the foot of the mountain to find that the early people had started to climb the mountain. My dad and I hurried to climb the mountain. We climbed to the middle of the mountain and saw a group of monkeys. The little monkey saw us, ran over, reached out his hand, and asked us for something to eat. We looked down on the top of the mountain and saw that the people on the path down the mountain were very small and very small, and they became a dwarf country. What a fun! I like to travel . My dad and I hurried to climb the mountain."}, {"nb": 1495, "data": "Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China. As a child, Yan Zhenqing was diligent and eager to learn, and preferred calligraphy. Because his family was poor and could not afford paper and pens, he practiced writing on the wall and on the ground with loess and branches. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy. Yan Zhenqing's teacher told him: \"What is the\" knowledge \"to learn calligraphy is hard work. Remember, people who don't work hard will never achieve anything.\" Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, old Honestly and earnestly work hard in accordance with the teacher's request. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy."}, {"nb": 1496, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. \"Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapped it in a handkerchief, and threw it over the wall."}, {"nb": 1497, "data": "The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock. The wolf asked, \"Good friend, where are you going?\" The cock said, \"Look at the friend.\" The wolf asked again, \"Will we two go together?\" The cock said, \"Why two? There is a dog behind Then! \"The wolf heard it, and quickly turned to escape. The wise cock cock met the wolf on the road, and the wolf secretly rejoiced and wanted to eat the cock."}, {"nb": 1498, "data": "Among many animals, four species look like us humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees and gibbon. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. So scientists call them apes. Among many animals, four species look like us humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees and gibbon."}, {"nb": 1499, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it."}, {"nb": 1500, "data": "My dad My dad Li Dazhao has left us for decades and I will never forget his education for me. Whenever I see the children studying, I think of what my father said: \"Children can't be half-hearted about what they do. If they want to learn, they must be practical. If they want to play, they must have fun.\" Large characters were written in the room, and it was snowing outside. what ! We can make snowmen again and fight snowballs. I thought and thought, the pen in my hand wouldn't listen. Dad was standing next to me. He tapped the words I wrote with his hands. I took a closer look, and there were a few words written out of order. I knew I was wrong, and my face was hot, so I wrote down carefully. I handed over the big characters I had written to my dad, and thought to myself, \"Dad must let me rewrite it again. I didn't expect my dad to read it, pointing to a few words behind me and saying,\" Okay, just write like this! \"He said to me again,\" Call your brother, let's play snow outside! \" Dad took us to the snow, ran and jumped, snowballs, snowballs, and a big snowman. We didn't feel cold at all, and my dad was a few years younger. I wrote the big letters Show it to my dad, thinking to myself: \"Dad must let me rewrite it again."}, {"nb": 1501, "data": "Where are the ears? Mother frog Let the little frog take a look in nature. Where are the ears of the animals? The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog held a locust brightly, and the frog fat caught a small tadpole, but they could not find the ears of the small animal. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts, and tadpoles on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" The little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little tadpoles were free. They couldn't help but laughed in unison: \"How do you know we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the small mosquito. \"My ears are on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly and said. \"My ears are here!\" Said Xiao Yan, raising the two lower legs in front. \"They are all disabled and have no ears."}, {"nb": 1502, "data": "Cute little white rabbit There is a cute little white rabbit in my family. Its name is Baibai. The white rabbit's whole body is white and snowy, with long ears, short tails, and a pair of red eyes, like two large rubies, which is very cute. Normally, he always likes to jump around, but as long as I give it radish, it stops quietly, picks up its big radish, does not raise his head, and keeps his mouth moving. Son is really interesting. Cute little white rabbit There is a cute little white rabbit in my family."}, {"nb": 1503, "data": "Happy Sunday Today is Sunday. The weather is very warm and my father and I decided to go to the park to play. There are so many people in the park! On the winding path, there are grandfather singing a song, big brother running while listening to music, and a group of happy children are catching butterflies on the green grass! I quickly joined them. Have a great day today! Happy Sunday Today is Sunday. The weather is very warm and my father and I decided to go to the park to play."}, {"nb": 1504, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's Arbor Day The Arbor Day in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the sky, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the tree planting crowd in Tiantan Park, the 81-year-old grandpa Deng Xiaoping was particularly noticeable. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hands. His forehead was covered with sweat beads, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug. Grandpa Deng picked a strong cypress seedling, carefully moved it into the tree pit, and filled it with a few shovel. He stood a few steps and looked closely, and felt that it was not very straight. He continued to say \"No, no!\" He stepped forward and straightened the sapling again. A small green cypress was planted and stood there straight like a soldier. Grandpa Deng had a satisfied smile on his face. Today, the cypress tree planted by Grandpa Deng himself has grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in Tiantan Park. A tree pit was dug. Grandpa Deng picked a strong cypress seedling, carefully moved it into the tree pit, and filled it with a few shovel."}, {"nb": 1505, "data": "Xiaohuazi looking for happiness There is a little black huazi who jumps out of her mother's arms quietly. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun, and asked, \"Are you very happy, Sun?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun smiled red and said, \"I give you sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It saw the little bird, Q: \"Little bird, are you very happy?\" The bird said, \"Miles,\" \"Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me.\" It saw the bee, and asked: \"The bee Are you happy? \"The bee\" buzzed \"and said,\" Yes, I am happy. I collect honey for everyone, and everyone likes me. \"It saw the frog, and asked,\" Are you happy, frog? \"\" The frog said, \"Yes, I am very happy. I catch insects for everyone, and everyone likes me.\" Friends are very happy, and Xiaohuazier is also looking for his own happiness. It floated with the wind girl, across the river, across the grasslands, and finally onto the snowy mountains. The snow-capped mountains are white, white trees, white houses, white roads ... Xiaohuazi stayed, it will open a flower on the snow-capped mountains. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really blooms a beautiful big red flower. The smell is very good. The scent spreads far, far away, white bears, seals, snow hares, walruses ... and adults and children all came. Seeing that everyone likes it so much, he said to himself happily, \"I'm so happy!\" When he saw the sun, he asked, \"Are you very happy, sun?\""}, {"nb": 1506, "data": "Dandelion's umbrella Dandelion is as white as snowflakes and light as cotton. What a lovely look, your little flying umbrella! Alas, unfortunately your umbrella is too small. Otherwise, you can take me, take my little deer, fly, fly, fly across the wide river, fly over the high mountains, fly to your home, and have a happy Sunday! Alas, unfortunately your umbrella is too small."}, {"nb": 1507, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. \"The fox heard it, and immediately opened its mouth."}, {"nb": 1508, "data": "Cuckoo's flower skirt Cuckoo lives in a hole in an old locust tree. Listen to the old locust tree saying, Once upon a time, the cuckoo had no flower skirt. It flew east to west, and while flying, it was called \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, hurry up Cuckoo!\" In the cries of cuckoos, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, the mountain terraces are like colored sky ladders, and the green grass is covered with golden, pink and pale blue flowers. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies fly to dance. The lively river sang a song and happily flowed into the distance. Seeing spring so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was really too tired, so it quietly returned to its own nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral skirt. \"What 's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told the cuckoo: \"Because you diligently called everyone cuckoo, the spring girl and mother earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps springing every spring Calling people: \"Cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry up!\" In the cry of cuckoos in spring, the earth changed into green clothes."}, {"nb": 1509, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. After a few days, the little flower dog went uphill to play again. Suddenly a big tiger emerged from the jungle. The little flower dog desperately escaped, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger stumbled and fell. I fell to the bottom of the cliff, and the little flower dog was so scared that I was gone. I still told my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion for you.\""}, {"nb": 1510, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake has a circular shape, the water of the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. The lake is surrounded by dense trees. One of the most striking is the weeping willow. Under the breeze, the wicker danced against the wind. You can see that the figure of the girl Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree was a piece of tender green grass with yellow and blue flowers on it. There is a beautiful small bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake in my hometown, I love you! Under the tree was a piece of tender green grass with yellow and blue flowers on it."}, {"nb": 1511, "data": "Brave and clever A little squirrel and three little kangaroos are playing under a fruit tree. The mother kangaroo is watching them not far away. Suddenly, a wicked wolf got out of the woods. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time. The evil wolf drooled and swooped at it. \"Oh!\" Something hit the head of the old wolf, and the evil wolf opened his mouth wide and looked up. \"Oh!\" Another thing caught his throat, the wolf was frightened, thinking it was the hunter's bullet, and ran away with his tail in his hands. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is brave!\" The little kangaroo said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so smart!\" After hearing this, the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time."}, {"nb": 1512, "data": "Light rain, it's raining, it's raining! Raindrops, rustling ... Raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to bloom red flowers. The raindrops fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to bloom white flowers. The raindrops fell on the willows, and the willows were happy to spit green buds. The raindrops fell on the field, and the seeds were arched with joy. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frogs shouted for joy. Light rain, rustling, decorating the picturesque spring. The raindrops fell on the willows, and the willows were happy to spit green buds."}, {"nb": 1513, "data": "What is the Earth Hi, I am sitting in a spaceship to heaven to see what the Earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, and it was covered in flower clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert where the yellow sand is flying. It is like the waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-covered South Pole and the North Pole. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like. What is the Earth Hi, I am sitting in a spaceship to heaven to see what the Earth looks like."}, {"nb": 1514, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10 Teachers' Day. Early in the morning I came to the school and saw all kinds of real and fake flowers on sale at the school gate. They were beautiful! I bought flowers and quickly ran into the classroom to lay out the blackboard with my classmates. When the other classmates are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. Unsurprisingly, the teacher came in an instant. When the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was shocked first, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this time, the class leader said a password: \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"I wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw the flowers on the blackboard. Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students themselves. The teacher was very happy and excitedly said, \"Thank you! Thank you classmates!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday. When the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was shocked first, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face."}, {"nb": 1515, "data": "Little cats Make friends Little cats visit grandma. A small yellow dog lies under the big tree at the village entrance. The little cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog barked, and pounced on the little cat. The cat was so scared that it turned around and ran, tripped over the roots of the tree, and fell into the mud. The eighth brother on the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach fire, and scolded him: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" Starling also said politely: \"Close your stinky mouth!\" You have to wipe your tears straight: \"Grandma, little yellow dog and my eighth bully me.\" Grandma said distressed: \"My little obedient, just blame you for being too disrespectful of others. If you are polite to others, others will treat you too Friendly! \"After listening to the grandmother's words, Xiaohua cat kindly said to the little yellow dog,\" I'm sorry! \"Xiaohua cat said to the starling brother,\" Friend, hello! \"Starling also said to the Xiaohua cat,\" Friend, hello! \" The little cat said happily: \"Grandma, I understand. To be good to others, you have to be good to others!\" The little cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog yelled and rushed to the little cat ."}, {"nb": 1516, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the elder sister rabbit, the younger duck sister, and the younger squirrel brother. One morning, Sister Rabbit came to her rooster brother: \"I'm going to buy radishes and lend me a basket.\" The rooster said, \"I will use it myself, don't borrow it!\" At noon, the duck sister came to rooster brother: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"The cock said,\" I'm going to eat, I'm not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to find the cock brother:\" I'll go up the hill tomorrow morning to chop firewood, please call me! \"The cock said,\" I'm weak Don't call! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the roof of the cock's house, and the cock screamed and jumped. Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof. It was fixed in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others! Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof."}, {"nb": 1517, "data": "Once, Wang Xi went out for a walk and saw an old woman selling fans on the roadside. She called for a long time and no one came to buy the fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi sympathized with her, so she took the fan, wrote some words on it, and told her old lady to sell it on the market again. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were vying to buy a fan."}, {"nb": 1518, "data": "The moon and the earth fell asleep, but I heard someone washing clothes. Open the window, oh, who washed the moon clean? Oh, it must be the wind at night. Look, it has hung the moon in the sky. Look, it has hung the moon in the sky."}, {"nb": 1519, "data": "On the way home, the traffic policeman always saw an uncle of the traffic policeman at the crossroads. He stood there with great vigor, wearing white gloves and gesturing to direct traffic. His hands were pointing east for a while and south for a while. Vehicles in all directions followed the direction of his hand and passed through the crossroads. I think: With the traffic police uncle, people who drive cars will definitely not be in trouble. His hands were pointing east for a while and south for a while. Vehicles in all directions followed the direction of his hand and passed through the crossroads."}, {"nb": 1520, "data": "The dense forests of our homes are the homes of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountains. The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep, and cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on the earth. Take care of our home, take care of their home, and make all homes beautiful! The clear river is the home of the fish, and the fish are playing in the river."}, {"nb": 1521, "data": "The frog calls the stars. The frog calls the stars. \"Hey! Hey little star, what is there in the sky?\" The star told the frog, \"The sky is beautiful, the golden sun, the red sunset. In the cradle of the wind mother, hiding Baiyun doll. The glittering moon palace is my home. Hey! Hey! \u2500 Little frog, come and play in the sky. \"The frog heard the stars and shook his head to answer:\" No need, no use, in the water It \u2019s the same as the sky! \u201dThe frog heard the stars and shook his head to answer:\u201c No, no, the water is the same as the sky!"}, {"nb": 1522, "data": "Xiaoming is sick Xiaoming is sick and he is lying on the bed to rest. After school, it was raining heavily, Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang came to classmate Xiao Ming 's home. Xiao Ming saw Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang coming and sat up happily. Xiao Hong took out a few books and gave them to Xiao Ming. Xiao Fang said, \"Xiao Ming, take good care of your illness, and we will make up for the missing homework.\" Xiao Ming laughed after listening. After school, it was raining heavily, Xiao Hong and Xiao Fang came to classmate Xiao Ming 's home."}, {"nb": 1523, "data": "Fish, I am a fish, do you know my age? I eat much in spring and summer and grow fast; the opposite is true in autumn and winter. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds, and my scales will appear one by one. Just count the lines on my body, You will know how old I am. The opposite is true in autumn and winter. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different rates. There will be lines on my scales. As long as I count the lines on my body, you can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 1524, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen."}, {"nb": 1525, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hills, and the hills hold beautiful flowers; touch the field, and the field offers tender green grass; Also helped the children to take off the thick large cotton jackets, and let them laugh and run on the spring ground ... Touching the river, Xiaohe started to listen to the folk songs ..."}, {"nb": 1526, "data": "Shooting fish Shooting fish live in the water but can catch flying insects in the air. When they swim on the water surface, they can not only see things on the water surface, but also objects in the air. Once they see the captured objects, they secretly swim over, aim first, and then spray a bunch from their mouths. A thin water column hits flying insects into the water. The water jet from the mouth of a shooter fish can reach more than 3 meters high. It can not only knock down small insects such as flies, bees, and butterflies, but also hurt people's eyes. This ability of shooting fish is really like a submarine launching missiles at the bottom of the water to hit an airplane in the air. The water jet from the mouth of a shooter fish can reach more than 3 meters high. It can not only knock down small insects such as flies, bees, and butterflies, but also hurt people's eyes."}, {"nb": 1527, "data": "Grandpa Dong 's gift is gray. Grandpa Dong came to the world with naughty and cute snowflakes. The glittering little snowflakes are blooming all over the sky, and the white little flowers are floating! Little snowflakes put a white coat on spruce, and the spruce is warm; small snowflakes cover a wheat field with a white quilt, and wheat seedlings are warm. The naughty north wind came whistling and wanted to blow off the snow coat and run away the snow quilt. The north wind went to blow on the snow coat, but it sounded a series of pleasant bells. Alas, did Xiaoxue hang the bell on the spruce? Oh no, no, it was the spruce snow coat that had a layer of ice flowers, and the wind blew, Ding Ling, Ding Ling ... The north wind went to blow the snow coat, but it sounded a string of pleasant bells."}, {"nb": 1528, "data": "A beauty contest is being held in the forest. Miss Duck quickly put on a pair of small red leather shoes and ran. \"Flop\", and she fell over. At this time, the little frog's face was covered with a layer of white powder, and Miss Crow wore colorful peacock feathers. Miss Cat wore a pink skirt and came to power. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the platform with a pair of big feet. In the end, Miss Duck won the first place. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the platform with a pair of big feet."}, {"nb": 1529, "data": "Uncle Hippo is selling balloons. The colorful balloons are tied to the shelves with rope, so dazzling! The little mouse wants to buy a balloon, but he has no money. What should I do? Coincidentally, Uncle Hippo yawned, closed his eyes, and closed his eyes. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran. Who knew that the balloon was so buoyant that it carried him into the air. As it floated higher and higher, the little mouse panicked, and wanted to release his hand, and he was afraid of being hurt, so he had to drag the balloon to float. Where did it finally go? No one knows. The little mouse ran quietly over, snapped a rope tied to the balloon, grabbed the balloon's tail, turned and ran."}, {"nb": 1530, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" He was like a word, his body was motionless, and he was serious Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. Look, the words he wrote are all right."}, {"nb": 1531, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big trees: one, two, three ..."}, {"nb": 1532, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. \"Hare followed up and asked, and then said,\" I am your classmate Hare!"}, {"nb": 1533, "data": "The little sun is sick, and I accompany the sun, and the sun is warm. I turned my magic into a maggot, and a small orange turned into a round orange. \"Oh, oh, I peeled the oranges and we ate them. You have one petal, I have one petal; you have one petal, I have one petal.\" After the oranges were eaten, I said, \"The little sun is gone!\" Hold me, kiss my red face, and say to me, \"This is my little sun!\" A little orange, the round oranges are red, just like the little sun."}, {"nb": 1534, "data": "Yeti stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, little cat and little dog came, and said to the snowman, \"We are looking for spring. When we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, and when they saw a row of budding willow branches, the puppy broke a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a bunch of tadpoles, the kittens took a bottle. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone. They came to find the snowman with gifts, but the snowman was gone."}, {"nb": 1535, "data": "There is a beautiful, clean and clear creek in Lucky Creek Park. Every day, tourists are attracted by the beauty of the river. However, people are less and less caring about the environment. They always throw rubbish into innocent rivers, making the rivers a home for garbage. Xiaohe felt that he was getting more and more stinky. Few people were willing to pass there, even if someone passed by, he was covering his nose. Later, after everyone's efforts, Xiaohe restored her original appearance. The river laughed again, the fish swam even more joyfully, and the tourists increased. However, people are less and less caring about the environment. They always throw rubbish into innocent rivers, making the rivers a home for garbage."}, {"nb": 1536, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! \"Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat."}, {"nb": 1537, "data": "The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The little monkey celebrates his birthday. The neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on her birthday. The silkworm girl sent her clothes made of silk. The monkey said, \"Thank you!\" The bee sent a bottle of honey made by her, and the monkey said, \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of big peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like peaches the most, but I don't accept your gift. \"The mouse walked away in a hurry. The neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on her birthday. The silkworm girl sent her clothes made of silk. The monkey said, \"Thank you!"}, {"nb": 1538, "data": "In summer, where do I live in winter? In summer, in winter I got into the closet and climbed on a hanger. Fur hats, sweaters, sweaters, and gloves are with them. In summer and winter, they hid in the storeroom, where they slept quietly in a pile with skates, and sleds, snowboards. In summer, he checked into a cold drink shop, and accompanied him with sorbets and chocolate ice cream. When the snowflakes flew again, they shivered in winter and came out of the closet, so they hid in the storeroom in summer. Will you hide in a cold drink shop in summer? Then we don't know-in winter, the cold drink shop locked the door. When the snowflakes flew again, they shivered in winter and came out of the closet, so they hid in the storeroom in summer."}, {"nb": 1539, "data": "One day with \"eyes\" and \"clear\", the careless little monkey opened the workbook and found that there were several \"\u00d7\" on the book. It turned out that he wrote \"eyes\" as \"clear\". The little monkey was very sad, but he couldn't distinguish the two words. At this time, the word \"qing\" said to the little monkey: \"Brother monkey, I am sunny on a sunny day, there must be a sun on a sunny day, so I am next to the word\" ri. \" It \u2019s easy to remember, who has two eyes, are n\u2019t the two eyes in my 'eye' like two eyes? \u201dThe little monkey smiled happily after listening to their words. \"Eyes\" chimed in and said, \"Brother Monkey, I have to remember. Everyone has two eyes. Do the two lines in my\" eyes \"look like two eyes?"}, {"nb": 1540, "data": "Mama Fish and her children are in a stream and live with Mama Fish and her children. The little fish always wanted to leave his mother and go around, but whenever he left, his mother always followed him. One day, the little fish plunged into the grass under the water while her mother wasn't paying attention. However, when he looked up at the water, he saw his mother swimming towards him. The little fish hurried into the crack of the stone again, but his mother still found him. The little fish was angry, and he shouted at his mother loudly: \"Mom really hates it and follows me like a tail.\" Mommy smiled, and she didn't criticize the little fish. At this moment, a crooked pink thing dangled from the water surface, and a thin transparent line was tied on it. The little fish was so happy that he thought it was a sweet and sweet snack. He was about to go and eat, and only heard his mother yell, \"Danger!\" The little fish was startled, and he carefully looked at the \"dim sum\". It turned out that the pink thing was a piece of earthworm, which was strung by a bent needle. If it wasn't for the mother to stop in time just now, maybe you are already the booty of a fisherman. At this point, Xiaoyuer finally understood why her mother always kept behind her. However, when he looked up at the water, he saw his mother swimming towards him."}, {"nb": 1541, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small trees are budding. The little horse came and stepped down the grass. The little bear came and shook the little tree. Here comes the little monkey, plucking the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends, please go away.\" The bird came, caught the bugs, the bees came, and passed pollen. Here comes the child, watering it. Flowers, trees and trees said with a smile: \"We all like this kind of friend, you stay.\" Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small trees are budding."}, {"nb": 1542, "data": "Yue Fei Xue wrote Yue Fei was very poor when he was a child. He wants to learn to write, but has no money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, with branches in it. He said to his mother, \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said, \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei laid the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he has used branches to learn to write on the sand every day. \"Since then, he uses branches to write in the sand every day."}, {"nb": 1543, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants."}, {"nb": 1544, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and darted at the little white rabbit, who was frightened and ran away. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased after him. \"Plop\", the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with drooling and drooling. The idea was to eat the little white rabbit. When the little monkey saw it, it immediately hung upside down from the tree and pulled the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wanted to eat the little white rabbit but could not eat it anymore. The little white rabbit was saved. The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field."}, {"nb": 1545, "data": "At that time, writing brush writing was the main homework for elementary school students. The sir asks the children to cover their copybooks with paper first, and when they are familiar with them, write on the copybooks. Well written words, sir draw a red circle on it. Every time he writes, Grandpa Deng Xiaoping can do what Mr. asked, so he gets the most red circles. Mother knew that Xiaoping had studied so hard and was very happy. The sir asks the children to cover their copybooks with paper first, and when they are familiar with them, write on the copybooks."}, {"nb": 1546, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer thought happily: Ah, what a nice sunshine, I want to take it back as a gift to Grandma!"}, {"nb": 1547, "data": "Father Sun had a cold one morning in the winter and Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew it, she quickly ran to the animal radio station and broadcasted it loudly: \"The father-in-law of the sun has a cold! Who has a prescription for colds? Please hurry up to send it-\" The first squirrel heard, he was anxious, and quickly got a red Take the leather hat. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time, and his mother made him a ginger soup to drink and healed the cold. So he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox knew it too, and he was busy holding a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. The father-in-sun put on a hat and a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily again, and his face slowly turned red. \"My father-in-law is ill! My father-in-law is ill!\" The little squirrel, the little black pig, and the little fox yelled, jumped, and patted their little hands constantly ... Who has a cure for the cold?"}, {"nb": 1548, "data": "Help Mom Dry Clothes In a sunny morning, Mom was doing laundry. Xiao Lan ran over and said to her mother, \"Mom, you've worked hard, don't do it. I'll wash it for you!\" Mom said, \"No, mother is capable. This won't make me tired.\" Then I'll help you dry your clothes! \"Xiao Lan moved to a small bench, hung a piece of washed clothes on a wire, and pinched it with a clip. At this moment, the mother asked, \"Good daughter, can you do it? If you are not tired, don't do it.\" Xiao Lan proudly said, \"Mom, I can do it, I have grown up.\" At this time, Xiao Lan I saw tears in my mother's eyes. Help Mom Dry Clothes In a sunny morning, Mom was doing laundry."}, {"nb": 1549, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big trees: one, two, three ..."}, {"nb": 1550, "data": "Darwin Watering Flowers Darwin was very interested in flowers, insects, and fish, and was a very curious child. Once, Darwin and his friends played in the park. They talked about a cluster of golden primroses, talking eloquently: \"Why is the flower golden?\" \"Can its color change?\" Darwin's eyes widened and he looked for a while, surely the location Nodded and said, \"Well, this flower is golden by the sun! Because the sun is also golden. If you want to change the color of the flower, I see no problem!\" After that, Darwin ran home, found the watering can, and Get the red and blue ink on Dad's desk to the garden. He said with confidence: \"Look at me, when I pour it in red water, it will bloom red flowers; when I pour blue water, I will bloom blue flowers.\" As a result, Darwin failed, and this matter became his mind. A treasure in China. From small to large, he kept exploring and learning, and answered one question after another. Later, Darwin became a world-renowned biologist. For the sun is also golden."}, {"nb": 1551, "data": "Why is the monkey 's ass red? Children who understand the monkey know that it has a red ass. Some people say that its butt is hairless, and it likes to sit, so its ass is red. This statement is incorrect. Monkeys, like humans, have blood vessels in their bodies. And there are many blood vessels on its ass, and the color of blood is exposed, so the monkey's ass is red. Some people say that its butt is hairless, and it likes to sit, so its ass is red."}, {"nb": 1552, "data": "The girl Qiu proudly flew to the garden and said to many flowers, \"Your flowering period is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on your body to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, the garden was full of various chrysanthemums, purple. Yes, there are yellow and white ... The girl Qiu came to the grass cheerfully, and said to the grass, \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I will put on my pine and cypress friends The wind is cold. \"As a result, the grass withered, and the pine and cypresses on the campus and the road became greener. The girl Qiu came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and big wild geese to say, \"Hurry up and get ready, go to the south!\" So the little swallows and big wild geese are flying in the blue sky. \"So the little swallows and big geese were flying in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1553, "data": "A small drop of water sneaked up to the top of the waterfall to play. Unexpectedly, I climbed to the top of the waterfall, and was pulled to the sky by the sun. After converging with thousands of drops of water into a cloud, it turned into a magic in the sky. The rabbit, after a while, became a running white horse. Under the sun 's rays, the small water droplets draped the clouds with gold rims, and they were extremely happy. Under the sun 's rays, the small water droplets draped the clouds with gold rims, and they were extremely happy."}, {"nb": 1554, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the elder sister rabbit, the younger duck sister, and the younger squirrel brother. One morning, Sister Rabbit came to her rooster brother: \"I'm going to buy radishes and lend me a basket.\" The rooster said, \"I will use it myself, don't borrow it!\" At noon, the duck sister came to rooster brother: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"The cock said,\" I'm going to eat, I'm not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to find the cock brother:\" I'll go up the hill tomorrow morning to chop firewood, please call me! \"The cock said,\" I'm weak Don't call! \"Late at night, the wind lifted the roof of the cock's house, and the cock screamed and jumped. Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof. It was fixed in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of small animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted off by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others! Rabbits, ducks, and squirrels came to help the roosters repair the roof."}, {"nb": 1555, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. \"As soon as the hunter was in pain, he smashed the bullet."}, {"nb": 1556, "data": "A long time ago, people thought of the moon going up to see what was there. Finally, on July 21, 1969, two American astronauts landed on the moon in the \"Apollo 11\" spacecraft and took the first step on the moon to realize this dream of mankind. Finally, on July 21, 1969, two American astronauts landed on the moon in the \"Apollo 11\" spacecraft and took the first step on the moon to realize this dream of mankind."}, {"nb": 1557, "data": "Good friends of crops-frogs There are many types of frogs. The common one is the black-spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on the top of the head, and the vision is sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but not sensitive to lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth. The main food for frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop."}, {"nb": 1558, "data": "Dad is a big tree, and mom is a big tree. I am a happy bird, flying between two big trees. Dad is a big tree, and mom is a big tree."}, {"nb": 1559, "data": "The little sun is sick, and I accompany the sun, and the sun is warm. I turned my magic into a maggot, and a small orange turned into a round orange. \"Oh, oh, I peeled the oranges and we ate them. You have one petal, I have one petal; you have one petal, I have one petal.\" After the oranges were eaten, I said, \"The little sun is gone!\" Hold me, kiss my red face, and say to me, \"This is my little sun!\" The little sun was sick, and I accompanied him The sun is warm."}, {"nb": 1560, "data": "Spring rain The spring rain sprinkles on the ground. The depression is already a clear piece of light. The clear rain water reflects the dark clouds in the sky and the people's busy figures. A gust of wind blew through, and small ripples appeared on the water surface, rippling in circles, forming a beautiful blossom. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtains slanted, like a large spider spewing filaments toward the wall. The rain is falling on the grass, look! The little grass was shaking gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down along its green leaf, only to find a drop got into the mouth of the little grass, and it couldn't be found. what ! In the spring rain, you are a good friend of Mother Earth. You need all the flowers and trees. In the spring rain, you are a good friend of Mother Earth. You need all the flowers and trees."}, {"nb": 1561, "data": "\"Mom, do you guess where I've been?\" Jiannan asked his mother on the steps at the door. Mom said, \"I can see it. Your shoes are covered with sand, your pants are covered with soil, and your jacket has some cement. You must be at the construction site.\" A few days later, the construction Nan asked his mother to guess where he had gone. \"This time, you must have gone to the woods. Look at the pine needles on your head and the dirt on your hands.\" Mom guessed effortlessly again. Jiannan decided to test her mother again so she couldn't guess it. He sneaked out of the house first, then turned and rang the doorbell. After entering the door, he asked, \"Mom, guess where am I going this time?\" Before Jiannan finished speaking, his mother gave a grin: Naughty, do you still guess? You just came out of the kitchen and didn't go anywhere else. Hurry and look in the mirror. \"Jiannan asked his mother on the steps at the door."}, {"nb": 1562, "data": "There is a nest of ants under the sycamore tree in front of my house. The ants worked hard all day, and no one was lazy. They are also very united. When they meet, they shake their tentacles and say hello. I like them very much and sometimes catch them to eat them. There is a nest of ants under the sycamore tree in front of my house."}, {"nb": 1563, "data": "I'm painting in front of the windowsill. I drew a large pool with green watercolors, and the water flowed violently. I drew a large lotus on the clear water. I also painted a few small fishes beside the lotus, and I drew many more. Water plants. I drew a large pool with green watercolors, and the water flowed violently. I drew a large lotus on the clear water. I also painted a few small fishes beside the lotus, and I drew many more. Water plants."}, {"nb": 1564, "data": "Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child. On the white paper, a sun was drawn with a ballpoint pen, shining on a small house. There was a stream in front of the small house, and a tall tree. A few strokes sketched a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who passes by here will stop and carefully look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. Not only did they look at this picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind child through this picture. Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child."}, {"nb": 1565, "data": "On the wall was a map of the world. It was red and green. It was very nice. My mother pointed to me and said, \"This is our motherland, the People's Republic of China.\" When I saw it, the land image of our motherland was a big rooster. It looked so real! Airy!"}, {"nb": 1566, "data": "Looking for a needle for my grandmother One evening, my grandmother sat on a chair and sewed her clothes carefully. Accidentally, a needle placed by her grandmother on the needle box rolled under the chair. My grandmother asked me to look for a needle, but after searching for a long time, she didn't find it. The grandmother said, \"Forget it, forget it, don't find it, I'll take another one.\" Suddenly, I thought there was a magnet in the pencil case. So I said to my grandmother, \"Grandma, I have a way, I will find the needle.\" I took the magnet in my hand and looked for the missing needle. \"Haha! I finally found it!\" I am a smart child. I thought: I can use my knowledge to do something for adults. My grandmother asked me to look for a needle, but after searching for a long time, she didn't find it. The grandmother said, \"Forget it, forget it, don't find it, I'll take another one.\""}, {"nb": 1567, "data": "Mishutka and Stasik sat on a bench in a small garden and chatted. They are different from other children in chatting, and they talk about big talk and falsehood, as if they are the most bizarre to see who is speaking. \"How old are you?\" Mishutka asked. \"Ninety-five. What about you?\" \"I'm 140 years old.\" Mishutka said, \"Do you know, I used to be as tall as Uncle Boria, but only later became so short? Now, Stasik said immediately, \"Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult later.\" \"I was able to swim across the river.\" Misut Card added. \"Huh, you can swim across the river, I can swim across the sea.\" \"What's so amazing about the sea! I can swim across the ocean!\" \"I used to fly!\" \"Don't brag, you fly me \"Not right now, I have forgotten how to fly.\" Stasik immediately said, \"Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult at a later time. ."}, {"nb": 1568, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow."}, {"nb": 1569, "data": "Today, my mother took us to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market! There are chubby bean sprouts, red radish, round winter melon, and tender bamboo shoots. My mother picked up a green, sickle-like vegetable and asked me what it was. I replied: \"Edamame.\" The aunt who sold the vegetables smiled and said, \"This is not Edamame, it's Swordbean.\" Today, Mom brought Let \u2019s go to the market. There are so many vegetables in the market!"}, {"nb": 1570, "data": "Changeable foxes A long time ago, there were two students in the \"forest school\": the hare and the fox. The hare is studying very carefully, it always answers the questions raised by the teacher accurately. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question. The hare always responds with courtesy. A few days later, due to illness, the hare 's academic performance dropped and he fell behind the fox. When he was well, he carried his schoolbag to school. On the way, he encountered a fox. \"Classmate fox, how are you!\" The hare greeted the fox first. The fox didn't seem to hear it, and still went forward. \"What's wrong, don't you know me, fox?\" The hare followed, and said, \"I'm your classmate hare!\" \"A wild rabbit who knows where you are, dare to call me a classmate, hum , Walk away! \"The fox replied dismissively. Hare felt very aggrieved. He came to school silently and began to study hard. After a few more days, the hare scores again topped the list. After school that day, the hare met the fox again. \"Ah, hare, how are you, I am your good classmate, fox.\" The fox stood aside respectfully and said affectionately. However, the hare walked away, and it was no longer willing to make friends with the changeable fox. The fox is a bit poorer in learning, so when he sees the hare, he greets him kindly and asks a good question."}, {"nb": 1571, "data": "I grew up on Sunday. Mom and Dad went to visit Uncle Tao's house. My dad said anxiously, \"Let \u2019s go visit, what do you do?\" I quickly said, \"You can rest assured, I will take care of myself.\" When it was time to cook, I learned to be a mother and left the pot On the stove, then pour a bit of cold water and cover the pot. After a while, steam \"fluttered\" from under the lid. When I opened the lid and looked at it, a burst of heat rushed on. The water in the pot was tumbling up and down, bubbling bubblingly. There was a tense in my heart, and I quickly poured the cold rice down, and \"hot\", hot water splashed to the ground, I hurried back, almost burning. The water splashed on the grate quickly dried up, and everything was calm again. I picked up the spoon and put it in the pot, stirred it a few times, and added a little MSG, salt, pickles, and a few more times. The fragrance smelt out, and the rice bowl was finally cooked. At this time, my mother came back and saw me the fragrant rice bowl and praised me continuously. But I proudly said, \"I'm grown up and I can do more for you in the future.\" At this time, my mother came back and praised me with the fragrant rice bowl that I was burning."}, {"nb": 1572, "data": "Ai Hua is studying very carefully. During the class, he always listened to the teacher with his full attention, and thought actively and raised his hand to speak. His homework was completed on time every time, and the book was neat and beautiful. Once after school, the teacher sent down the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework. The other classmates went home, but he was thinking hard in the classroom by himself. It was not until he gave the correct answer that he smiled with satisfaction and returned home with peace of mind. Once after school, the teacher sent down the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework."}, {"nb": 1573, "data": "Little snail things happen in spring. The snail mother said to the child, \"Go and play in the woods. The leaves should sprout.\" The little snail crawled very slowly and slowly, and it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mom, the small trees in the grove are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mother Snail said, \"Oh, it's summer! Go and pick some strawberries and come back. The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to return. It said: \"Mom, strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" The snail mother said, \"Oh, it's autumn! Go and pick some mushrooms and come back.\" The little snail crawled and crawled for a long time just came back. It said, \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" The snail mother said, \"Oh, it's winter! Well, you should hide at home for the winter!\" It said, \"Mom The mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone."}, {"nb": 1574, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and so sweet ...\" The little monkey slipped out of the classroom and ran to the wild without listening. what ! The apples on the tree are red, so go pick a big mouthful and eat it, it's so sweet! When he saw that the peaches were big and red again, he went to pick them, and the peaches were sweet and thirsty. He thinks the teacher is right, the red fruits are all sweet. As he walked, he saw a patch of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like little lanterns, which made people love. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The hot little monkey was sweating. He desperately ran back to school and asked the teacher, \"Why isn't this red fruit sweet?\" The teacher said, \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished talking yet, why did you run away? The little monkey listened, and bowed his head in embarrassment. Since then, the little monkey has studied very hard and has become a good student. One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red, so sweet ..."}, {"nb": 1575, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes."}, {"nb": 1576, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10 Teachers' Day. Early in the morning I came to the school and saw all kinds of real and fake flowers on sale at the school gate. They were beautiful! I bought flowers and quickly ran into the classroom to lay out the blackboard with my classmates. When the other classmates are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. Unsurprisingly, the teacher came in an instant. When the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was shocked first, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this time, the class leader said a password: \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"I wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw the flowers on the blackboard. Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students themselves. The teacher was very happy and excitedly said, \"Thank you! Thank you classmates!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday. \"The teacher said excitedly,\" Thank you!"}, {"nb": 1577, "data": "On Sunday morning, Xiaoying took a bus to her grandmother 's house. There were so many people in the car. As soon as Xiaoying found a seat, she saw a gray-haired grandfather getting on the car. The grandfather carried a crutch in one hand and a bag in one hand, and coughed while walking. Xiaoying stood up quickly and said to the grandfather with a smile: \"Grandpa, please sit here.\" The grandfather said touchedly, \"Thank you, good boy!\" Xiaoying said, \"No thanks!\" Ticket auntie, car The uncle, the aunt with the child, the grandmother and the white-bearded grandfather laughed happily. Everyone praised her and said, \"This is really a good boy who respects the elderly.\" There were so many people in the car. Seat, I saw a gray-haired grandpa coming in the car."}, {"nb": 1578, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are in bloom. How beautiful the flower blooms, people take pictures of it. The flowers bloomed, how fragrant, the bees circled around it. The flowers laughed, but the flowers were happy! The flower laughed, and a flower became proud. It doesn't look at the green leaves around it. It feels that the leaves are ordinary. No one looks at it. It's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, this flower fell from the tree and left the green leaves as soon as it was hardened. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers can bear fruit. With green leaves, our flowers are fragrant;"}, {"nb": 1579, "data": "The roads in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, will be low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When I went uphill, I shouted, \"Come on! Come on!\" When I went downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind me, I shouted, \"Dash!\" Look, the car is driving far away. Bumps in the waves. The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, the other is a volt ... The road in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, is low for a while and high for a while."}, {"nb": 1580, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiao He only showed sharp and pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood up.\" This is a poem I recited before. I didn't really see this scene until I came to the pond. A pool of turquoise lotus leaves squeezed next to each other and swayed gently in the breeze. On the lotus leaf, there were glittering dew drops, which slipped into the water from time to time. Blossoming lotus flowers emerged from the large disc-shaped lotus leaves, and some were shyly wrapped in flower-bone flowers, while others bloomed pink petals, exposing yellow flower stamens, exuding tempting Fragrance. The dragonfly sister has long been intoxicated by the beauty in front of her eyes. She flutters her wings and sometimes stays on this lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire. Sometimes she smells the fragrance on that lotus flower. She can't help but admire: \"Beautiful lotus!\" I'm sorry to say, \"I can't be beautiful without my lotus leaf sister!\" Sister Dragonfly has long been intoxicated with the beauty in front of her. She flutters her wings and sometimes stays on this lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire, A lotus flower smelled for a while, it couldn't help but admire: \"What a beautiful lotus!"}, {"nb": 1581, "data": "Cats and mice A long time ago, cats and mice were close friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they planted radishes. The mouse said to the cat, \"Take the stalk, leave it to me!\" Soon the radish grew, and the mouse gave the stalk to the cat. Watching as the mouse chewed the brittle radish, the cat slobbered droolingly. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stalk and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Okay, it's up to you!\" The mouse agreed quickly. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. The cat was so angry that the rat biting the tender lettuce. In the third year, they plant daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems, would you like to plant with me?\" \"Okay!\" The mouse said with a smile. The garden was full of flowers and the mouse gave the cat its stems and roots. Watching the mouse proudly taste the golden flowers, the cat fluttered at the mouse with anger ... After that, the cat and the mouse became rivals. Whenever a cat sees a mouse, it will chase after it. What about mice, they only run away blearyly! The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root."}, {"nb": 1582, "data": "Mom is a mountain, tall and stable. The mountains are beautiful and gentle. Mother is a mountain. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree. My mother loves me so much, she loves me so much. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares for the tree. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree."}, {"nb": 1583, "data": "A whisper to the flowers When the snow and ice began to melt, the stream was full of flowers. At this time, I like to carry a small flower basket and come to the stream. Smell this flower, smell that flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, camellia! You say, is your little face frozen in that frosty night? Or do you get up early to meet the sun, and morning glow kisses you, are you shy? Camellia, don't just laugh, tell me your secret! Hi Azalea! Hello, smiley flower! What joy do you have? Why are you so cheerful? Yo, you have already sent out a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so cheerful! Tell me, why do you have so many colors in the flowers of Wanhuaxi? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... you have dressed up a stream of colorful fragrance, and you have laced our village. See, how happy you are when you laugh back and forth. You like a wide variety of colors, and you like a wide variety of flowers. O flowers, tell me, are you sons and daughters of Mother Earth? Just like our little baby, is a mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only earth mothers have so many and such beautiful children! Just like our little baby, is a mother's child, mother's flower."}, {"nb": 1584, "data": "Moved, moved, the fish was fooled. Wow, it's as big as my palm. Dad said, let him go. The younger brother is too young. Moved, moved, and the fish was cheated. Wow, it's bigger than my dad's palm. I also said, let him go. Father Papa is too old. Hahaha, moved this again, probably a fish mother. She wants to go home and take care of the father of fish. She will miss the younger brother of fish and let her go. At dusk, we were empty-handed and relaxed, but our hearts were full of fish and our hearts were full. Moved, moved, and the fish was cheated. Wow, it's bigger than my dad's palm."}, {"nb": 1585, "data": "Little snowflakes are snowing. Xiaoxue wore a glittering hex hat, a white coat, facing the strong wind, spinning in the air, tumbling ... She overcomes the obstruction of the northern wind, and flew to the fields, forests, mountains, villages and towns ... Look, The wheat seedlings in the field were groaning in the roar of the north wind, and they froze and shrank their weak body. Xiaoxue gently embraced her: \"Wheat seedlings, wheat seedlings, I'm sending you a quilt.\" Wheat seedlings shed tears of excitement: \"Thank you, dear little snowflakes, you are always in my need Time brings warmth. \"After a while, the wheat seedling was covered with a white quilt, thick and soft, and she fell asleep sweetly. Xiao Xue began to fly again, and she flew far and far away again. \"After a while, the wheat seedlings were covered with snow-white quilts, which were thick and soft, and she fell asleep sweetly."}, {"nb": 1586, "data": "The door that could not be opened Once upon a time, a little prince lived in a very large palace. The palace has many doors and many windows. There was a small door with a handle on it. The little prince couldn't pull it open. The servants came to the tall sentry who was on guard, and they could not pull them together. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull. The captain blew his whistle, and many soldiers ran. They pulled together. As a result, the door handle was broken. No one can open this door. Only the smartest person is invited to ask him how to open this door. The wise old man studied the door for a long time and finally said that it was a door that could not be opened. A maid's child came and asked what was happening here. Others told him that the door wouldn't open. The child said, \"How could it? I opened it yesterday.\" He walked to the door, only lightly. With a slight push, the door opened. The sentinel had the captain. The captain had the most strength. They pulled together, but they still couldn't pull."}, {"nb": 1587, "data": "In the early summer, the pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers look like clusters of flames. Closer look, blossoming pomegranate flowers are like small horns. The pale yellow flowers are shaking in the wind, just like a group of fairies dancing. Closer look, blossoming pomegranate flowers are like small horns."}, {"nb": 1588, "data": "Seeing the animals knowing the weather The changing weather directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, as the humidity in the air increased, the water absorbed by the soil increased greatly, so the ant nests built in the soil became humid. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar."}, {"nb": 1589, "data": "Xiaohua 's family recently installed a telephone. One day, Grandpa was ill. Dad quickly dialed 120 and the ambulance arrived soon. Xiaohua asked his father: \"It's strange, why did you come by calling the ambulance?\" Dad told Xiaohua: \"120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service telephones like this, such as 110 is a bandit police phone, 119 is The fire alarm number, 114 is the number-checking number, 121 is the weather forecast number, and 122 is the road traffic accident alarm number. \"After listening to Dad's words, Xiaohua thought the phone was really useful. \"Dad told Xiaohua:\" 120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service phones like this, such as 110 is a bandit police phone, 119 is a fire alarm phone, 114 is a number search phone, 121 is a weather forecast phone, 122 is road traffic Emergency call."}, {"nb": 1590, "data": "Clouds In the blue sky, white clouds like cotton wool float. Yun'er fluttered carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changed shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west ran hard forward, and after a while, it merged into the clouds. After a while, a big butterfly flew in from the distance. It slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west ran hard forward, and after a while, it merged into the clouds."}, {"nb": 1591, "data": "A group of ants were busy outside the house. The little rooster tilted his head and asked, \"Are you happy, little ants?\" The ant replied, \"We are almost ready for the winter. We are very happy.\" Two swallows made nests under the eaves. They kept mulling back and forth, the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" The swallow said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" The little cock asked Aunt Sika: \"Aunt Sika Everyone is happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika said:\" Child, happiness needs to be found by yourself, happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \"The ant replied:\" Our winter food is almost ready, and we are very happy."}, {"nb": 1592, "data": "The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains. Winter is coming, and the squirrel picked up many chestnuts and stored them in the nest. Winter is here. Sometimes the squirrel sleeps in the nest, and sometimes it comes out to jump and play. When it is hungry, it eats the chestnuts hidden in the nest. The chestnuts are crispy and fragrant. It spends a comfortable winter. The squirrel's nest is made in a big tree hole in the mountains."}, {"nb": 1593, "data": "The blind and the mule Once upon a time, there was a blind and a mule in a room. One day, the house caught fire, and when they saw that they were about to be buried in the sea of \u200b\u200bfire, the sister-in-law was very anxious, but the legs did not listen. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs and your eyes are together, will we not be the same as normal people?\" Xunzi was very happy when she heard it. So the blind man carried the mule, and the mule gave him directions on the blind's back. They calmly walked out of the sea of \u200b\u200bfire and escaped this disaster safely. The blind man said, \"Don't worry, as long as my legs are closed with your eyes, will we not be the same as normal people?"}, {"nb": 1594, "data": "Who is the wisest to have a king give three sons one coin each. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw and did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground. He could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest? The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw and did not fill the room."}, {"nb": 1595, "data": "Two wheat grains Two wheat grains-one barley and one wheat-were dragged into the hole by the ants and stored. \"It's over,\" barley kernels said to the wheat kernels, \"we were thrown alone in this dark cave, and we've lost hope for life forever.\" \"No,\" wheat kernels said, \"hope is there, there's air here , Moisture, if you want to germinate and grow, it is only the sun. As long as the ants don't eat us, we can use the last effort, maybe we can arch out of the ground and find the sun. \"Barley kernels shook his head, with a crying cavity Say, \"Take it down! It's at least three feet away from the ground. Isn't it your dream to get out of the ground by your little body?\" Because the barley kernels wept all day, his body was moldy. Vigorous wheat kernels began to germinate and grow ... One day, the ant went to his warehouse to check the grain, and found that the moldy barley kernels and the germinated wheat kernels were inedible, and they were sent out of the hole as garbage and thrown away. Already. Barley kernels vanish at first sight. The wheat kernels are rooted in the soil against the sun and grow into a green wheat seedling. As long as faith does not die, opportunities will always exist. \"Because the barley grain cried all day, his body was moldy."}, {"nb": 1596, "data": "The little crow loves her mother After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up, and it grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow was getting old and couldn't move anymore, so the little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind or a heavy rain, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west and from south to north. When it found what it had eaten, it came back and fed its mother bite by bite. The mother was full, and she ate it herself. How much the little crow loves his mother! The little crow loves her mother After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up, and it grows into a big and strong crow."}, {"nb": 1597, "data": "Wash my dad Last night, my dad was going to wash his hair. I had a whimsy and was tempted to wash him. I sprinkled hot water on Dad's hair first, then squeezed in shampoo, and rubbed it gently on Dad's head. Although I was careful, my father 's face was covered with water and bubbles. It usually feels so easy to wash my hair, but I didn't expect it to be really easy. My father seemed to see through my mind and encouraged me to say, \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash your hair. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\" After hearing what he said, I was not as nervous as I was. The flushing has also gone smoothly. After washing, I asked my father if he was okay. He happily said, \"It's great, my daughter has grown up!\" I didn't expect that I only did one little thing to make my father so happy. My father seemed to read through my mind and encouraged me to say, \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash your hair for others. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\""}, {"nb": 1598, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil."}, {"nb": 1599, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. Hands work, and the brain thinks. With your hands and without your brain, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain or your hands. With hands and brains can creativity be created. All creation depends on labor, and labor uses hands and brain. Hands work, and the brain thinks."}, {"nb": 1600, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, tomatoes can't eat the leaves, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so happy to learn so much today!\" \"They walked into the tomato field, The bear wants to eat tomato leaves."}, {"nb": 1601, "data": "The technique of soilless cultivation is remarkable. Technologists dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water. On the way home, I can't help thinking: With the advanced science and technology, the changes in agriculture are really great! Technologists dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water."}, {"nb": 1602, "data": "There are many wonderful plants in the world. Plants can eat bugs. In summer, a kind of pink grass is often seen in swamps. This is the felt moss that can catch flying insects. There are more than 200 small villi on the leaves of Felt Moss. These small villi can secrete a very viscous liquid. This viscous liquid also contains a very sweet taste and aroma. When the small insects smell this odor, Hurrying to fly, once it falls on its leaves, it will be firmly stuck. After 1 to 2 hours, the worms are digested and absorbed by the leaves. Plants also listen to music. An Indian scientist often likes playing the violin in the garden and playing a symphony. As time went by, he found that the flowers and trees in his garden grew extraordinarily lush. So he began to formally test rice. He plays a 25-minute symphony in a paddy field every day. One month later, it was found that the rice in this field grew more lush than the same rice that had not heard music, with an average plant height of more than 30 cm. In addition, there are potato vines that predict earthquakes, water hyacinths that can purify water, lacquer trees that can \"bit people\" ... plants can eat insects."}, {"nb": 1603, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! There is a helping cat in the cabin."}, {"nb": 1604, "data": "When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel. When the little white rabbit came and saw a peel on the ground, she picked up the peel and threw it into the trash can. When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel."}, {"nb": 1605, "data": "Little train Little train, whining. Quickly take your baby to Qinghai. There is my dad in Qinghai, how glorious it is to develop the west! Railroads, bridges, tall buildings, green grass. Dad's skills are really big, I have a thumbs up on my dad! Dad's skills are really big, I have a thumbs up on my dad!"}, {"nb": 1606, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter in a hurry. I have to knock on your door."}, {"nb": 1607, "data": "The bathing grass of the flowers was thyme, bedding, wild chrysanthemum and dandelion. One day it rained. The light rain hit the trees in the wild, and a sound came out on the dense leaves, like a rattle in our school: Ding Dong! Doraemon! So a group of small wild flowers came out, and thyme, wild chrysanthemum, ground flooring, and dandelions came out when they heard the sound of the rain. As if they were singing in a kindergarten, they lined up in a small group, went out of the woods, to the grass, and stood in the rain, where they would bathe. Light rain dripped for them, and they sang softly in their mouths. Sometimes I shake my body and let the water drops. Light rain dripped for them, and they sang softly in their mouths. They swayed and washed their hair and body with green bath towels ... Then, the rain stopped. Their bathing also stopped. At this time, the sun was shining on the grass, and there was a light on the grass. How beautiful those little wild flowers look! They scented after bathing. Light rain dripped for them, and they sang softly in their mouths."}, {"nb": 1608, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a white goose. The sun was reflected in the pond like a bright red balloon. The crescent is reflected in the pond like a crooked boat. The stars reflected in the pond, like many shiny pearls. The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a white goose."}, {"nb": 1609, "data": "Sun Moon Lake is a beautiful lake in the central part of Taiwan Province of China. There is an island in Sun Moon Lake that divides the lake in half. One side of the lake looks like a round sun called \"Sun Lake\"; the other side looks like a crooked moon called \"Moon Lake\". The two lakes are connected by water, like a big green jade plate. An island is like a pearl in a jade plate. Sun Moon Lake is surrounded by mountains, and the mountains are densely wooded. The water in Sun Moon Lake is deep. The mountains and forests are reflected in the lake, and the lakes and mountains are very beautiful. I love the beautiful Sun Moon Lake and I love the Taiwan island of the motherland. I love the beautiful Sun Moon Lake and I love the Taiwan island of the motherland."}, {"nb": 1610, "data": "Flaming Maple Leaf Today, I walked in the woods, looking for a flaming maple leaf. Whenever I pick up a maple leaf, I always think that I have found the hottest one. But before long, I found another piece that was even redder. Ah, I finally found one of the hottest maple leaves! It is redder than the morning glow and redder than the rose. It looks like my little palm. I stuck this reddest and hottest maple leaf on a piece of white paper and wrote a little poem to make a greeting card. I want to send this greeting card to my beloved teacher. Ah, I finally found one of the hottest maple leaves!"}, {"nb": 1611, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on a bench and eating snowballs with a big mouthful. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and snow flakes fell down one after another. \"I am Father Snow, you are welcome to come here.\" Masha came to Father Snow-the house made of ice, the wall with snowflakes embedded in it, and the bed was covered with snow mattresses. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Snow-white father-in-law said, \"I still have something wonderful here!\" Snow-white father raised the snow mattress, a piece of green wheat! Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it underneath?\" Snow-white father smiled: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter! The pests in the ground came across me and could not stand the cold, and they froze to death. Now. \"Oh, that's it. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly. She seemed to see spring when the wheat was heading and blooming. \"Martha came to Bai Xuegong 's house, a house made of ice, a wall with snowflakes in it, and a snow mattress on the bed."}, {"nb": 1612, "data": "The bathing grass of the flowers was thyme, bedding, wild chrysanthemum and dandelion. One day it rained. The light rain hit the trees in the wild, and a sound came out on the dense leaves, like a rattle in our school: Ding Dong! Doraemon! So a group of small wild flowers came out, and thyme, wild chrysanthemum, ground flooring, and dandelions came out when they heard the sound of the rain. As if they were singing in a kindergarten, they lined up in a small group, went out of the woods, to the grass, and stood in the rain, where they would bathe. Light rain dripped for them, and they sang softly in their mouths. Sometimes I shake my body and let the water drops. Light rain dripped for them, and they sang softly in their mouths. They swayed and washed their hair and body with green bath towels ... Then, the rain stopped. Their bathing also stopped. At this time, the sun was shining on the grass, and there was a light on the grass. How beautiful those little wild flowers look! They scented after bathing. At this time, the sun was shining on the grass, and there was a light on the grass."}, {"nb": 1613, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am It won't be hit by anyone. \"When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind."}, {"nb": 1614, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. Fox and crane It turned out that fox and crane were good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It put some soup on a plate and said, \"Please eat.\""}, {"nb": 1615, "data": "I love my mother My mother has an upside down melon seed face, short and messy hair, and her small eyes are slit into a slit when she laughs. Although my mother is not a beautiful girl and her appearance is mediocre, she has a clever hand. Once, a child from a neighbor's house broke a dress and was about to throw it away. When his mother saw it, he asked him to come and tell him to fix it and make him satisfied. I saw it and thought, \"Mom must not make up for such a big seam, let alone cover this seam?\" Then, Mom came over, as if she could see through my mind, she touched me The head said, \"Be assured! I can do it. Go to sleep!\" I was doubtful, but I went back to the room to sleep. The next day, I got up early and saw a brand new pair of pants on the table, oh! It turned out to be the torn pants of a neighbor! But it was so beautiful. There was a little bear in that broken place, and it was so embroidered! Mother 's craftsmanship is really good! In addition to being clever, she also likes to help others. Once, my careless neighbor was accidentally shut out of the door by herself. My mother not only asked her to drink tea at our house, but also went to a locksmith to help her open the door! I love mom, I love mom's hard-working hands, I love mom's old-fashioned character. Once, a child from a neighbor's house broke a dress and was about to throw it away. When his mother saw it, he asked him to come and tell him to fix it and make him satisfied."}, {"nb": 1616, "data": "Little oriole sings When spring comes, the animals in the woods will have a party. The little squirrel asked the little oriole to sing. The little oriole did not dare to go. The mother said to him, \"Be brave, please listen to your singing. You should sing to everyone.\" go Go ! Little Yellow Oriole was the last one to perform on stage. He found that his companion 's eyes were all focused on himself, and a panic sounded in his heart. The little starling and little magpie in the audience couldn't help laughing at it. Xiao Huangying returned home and said to her mother, \"I won't sing anymore.\" Mom said, \"It doesn't matter. In the future, if you sing more for everyone, your courage will grow up.\" Little Huang Ying practiced singing every day after listening to her . The more bold you sing, the better you sing. Summer is here, and there will be another party in the woods. Little Oriole first appeared on stage. This time, he didn't panic at all, and the song he sang was very good. Everyone applauded, and the applause from the little starling and the little magpie was particularly loud. Summer is here, and there will be another party in the woods."}, {"nb": 1617, "data": "The lion and the fox The lion is old and unable to catch the beast, so he wants to live by means of tricks. He got into a cave and lay down pretending to be sick. Many beasts came to visit him in the cave and were eaten by him. Seeing his trick, the fox stood at the entrance and said, \"Lion King, how is your body?\" The lion said, \"My body is not good. Why don't you come in?\" The fox replied, \"Because I see many footprints -There are many holes, but there are no holes, so I will not go in. \"The lion and the fox lion are old, unable to catch the beast, so he wants to live by tricks."}, {"nb": 1618, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the side of the stream and looked at it, he was so angry that he said, \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\""}, {"nb": 1619, "data": "One day, a white sheep went up the canopy bridge from the south, and a black sheep got up the canoe bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black sheep said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They didn't want anyone to let them go. Arise, after a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river. One day, a white sheep went up the canopy bridge from the south, and a black sheep got up the canoe bridge from the north."}, {"nb": 1620, "data": "A group of animals was grazing and a tiger rushed. The animals were so scared that they ran away, but only one rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger nodded and turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance swarmed up, and surrounded the warrior, singing praises to it. The tiger hasn't gone far, it is spying far away. After a while, when he saw the rhino leaving the group of animals, he immediately turned back and rushed forward. The animals fled and fled again. There was only one innocent little lamb who had just been born. He was not afraid, and opened up with a pair of curious eyes, yelled at the tiger affectionately. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. After a moment, he turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger, and sang praises to it. There was only one innocent little lamb who had just been born. He was not afraid, and opened up with a pair of curious eyes, yelled at the tiger affectionately."}, {"nb": 1621, "data": "Rat meeting! One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse doesn't dare to go out all day. What can we do? King Rat thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together for a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. King Mouse suggested that everyone hang a bell on the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat comes out, the mice will know. But who can hang the bell? Everyone wants to come and go. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task. Unfortunately, the mouse Mimi was killed by the cat. Since then, the mouse is even more afraid of the cat. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse doesn't dare to go out all day. What can we do?"}, {"nb": 1622, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain."}, {"nb": 1623, "data": "When Kong Rong was a child, he used to buy pears at home. The pears were sweet and sweet. Everyone was rushing to get the big ones. But Kong Rong always took the smallest one. The father asked him why he wanted to take the younger, and he replied, \"Because I am young, of course I should take the younger, and leave the older one for my brother to eat.\" The father listened and praised him for being polite. When Kong Rong was a child, he used to buy pears at home. The pears were sweet and sweet. Everyone was rushing to get the big ones."}, {"nb": 1624, "data": "The small tree came through the winter, and the northwest wind was blowing, and we put on a cotton coat. Dad said: \"We are cold, and the little tree is cold too. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then tied it carefully one by one with a rope. Looking at the small tree in front of me, I said happily, \"When wearing a winter coat, the small tree will not be afraid of wind and rain or snow.\" We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then tied it carefully with a rope one by one."}, {"nb": 1625, "data": "The little squirrel looked for the peanut tree. There were many peanuts, green leaves, and small yellow flowers, which looked really good. The little squirrel asked the earthworm, \"What is this?\" The earthworm said, \"This is peanuts.\" The little squirrel was very happy, and he thought, when the peanuts had settled, I would pick them up and keep them for winter. Since then, the little squirrel has gone into the peanut field every day to see if the peanuts have turned out. However, until the golden flowers were gone, I didn't see a peanut fruit. The little squirrel opened his eyes wide and said to himself, \"Strange, who has taken the peanut fruit?\" The earthworm got out of the soil, and said to the little squirrel with a smile, \"No one has picked the peanut fruit. Here! \"The little squirrel asked the earthworm:\" What is this?"}, {"nb": 1626, "data": "On the occasion of the Spring Festival, my mother bought a picture. At a glance, there is nothing particularly attractive about this painting. I thought to myself: There are so many colorful New Year pictures in the bookstore. Why should my mother buy this one? As I pondered, I admired it carefully. This is a Chinese painting. The background of the painting is a tall and tall mountain. It is shrouded by a faint cloud of smoke. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses. Running in front is a bay horse, which is fiery red, hoarse, and the red mane floats high. The muscles of the whole body are as strong as athletes on the boxing arena, and they are protruding, piece by piece, very powerful. The bay horse rises into the air, and the soft and beautiful horse tail shakes vigorously. Next to the bay horse is a white horse, white from beginning to end. There wasn't even a hair, like a white cloud drifting lightly, it seemed so free and straightforward, it was clearly a Maxima. The more I look the more I am fascinated, I seem to hear the \"hoof\" of the horseshoes, and see the waves of dust rolled up behind them, as if I saw them flying freely across the vast field. At this moment, I suddenly remembered the question just now, and ran to ask my mother. My mother smiled mysteriously, and asked me, \"What are you?\" I realized suddenly, rushing to say, \"I know, I know, I am a horse. The horse painted this year symbolizes me. You want me to study hard, not afraid Frustrated, always running forward, right? \"Mom nodded with satisfaction. what ! Horse, you know this is my mother \u2019s earnest expectation, and I am determined to make it a reality. A vigorous pine tree was planted across the hillside, and under the pine tree were a pair of galloping horses."}, {"nb": 1627, "data": "A group of animals was grazing and a tiger rushed. The animals were so scared that they ran away, but only one rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger nodded and turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance swarmed up, and surrounded the warrior, singing praises to it. The tiger hasn't gone far, it is spying far away. After a while, when he saw the rhino leaving the group of animals, he immediately turned back and rushed forward. The animals fled and fled again. There was only one innocent little lamb who had just been born. He was not afraid, and opened up with a pair of curious eyes, yelled at the tiger affectionately. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. After a moment, he turned around and left. The animals who watched from a distance flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger, and sang praises to it. After a while, when he saw the rhino leaving the group of animals, he immediately turned back and rushed forward."}, {"nb": 1628, "data": "Sunflower Have you seen the sunflower? This is a very beautiful little flower, with thin petals, pink and pink. It is very bright. And the leaves are thin, like a package of green juice, tender. In the morning, as soon as the sun showed a smiling face, the sun flower bloomed happily. The sun gets brighter as the sun shines. With its face on its back, it seemed to be talking to the sun: \"Sun, thank you for taking such a beautiful look.\" In the evening, when the sun went down, the sun flower slowly closed its petals and slept quietly. Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ... colorful sunflowers bloom, then they look good! Sunflowers are also yellow, blue, and purple ..."}, {"nb": 1629, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big trees: one, two, three ..."}, {"nb": 1630, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid was jumping up and down, he asked his aunt: \"Why does the pot lid dance?"}, {"nb": 1631, "data": "Autumn rain This morning, the weather was fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops crackled on the glass window, and immediately there were \"water splashes\" on the window glass, they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out. There seemed to be huge curtains hanging in the heavens and the earth. The curtains were not made of cloth, but were made of rain silk. Through the rain curtains, the building opposite was blurred, and a long water-drop curtain was hanging under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf is formed like a watercolor without drying out. The grey sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some of the leaves hit the ground by the rain seemed to be leaning on their heads, looking at the companion on the tree, very sad. After the rain, the weather became significantly colder. One of the coats I was wearing seemed very thin and I quickly added a piece of clothing. Through the glass window, I looked out. There seemed to be huge curtains hanging in the heavens and the earth. The curtains were not made of cloth, but were made of rain silk."}, {"nb": 1632, "data": "One day after running the newspaper, my mother said to me, \"Meng Meng, what do you want to be when you grow up?\" I said, \"Like you, you want to be a reporter.\" My mother said, \"You should try to do A newspaper! \"I agreed happily. Started running newspapers. The newspaper should have a name. What is it called? Just call \"Small Rain\"! Raindrops can merge into a stream. Classmates often like to tell jokes and some interesting things. I write these down, isn't it a good newspaper? After writing, I painted beautiful pictures around the newspaper, and a newspaper was finished! Looking at my newspaper, I am so happy to mention it! Classmates often like to tell jokes and some interesting things. I write these down, isn't it a good newspaper?"}, {"nb": 1633, "data": "Dandelion In spring, a dandelion grows under the window of Lele family. Lele looked at the bud of dandelion and said, \"You are really green, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele Yellow flowers bloomed under the dandelion under the house window. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are beautiful, but I do n\u2019t pick you. If you pick you, you will be very painful. When you get the result, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, The dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\" Dandelion In spring, a dandelion grew out of Lele's window."}, {"nb": 1634, "data": "Fenger came to look for the chubby pig. The chubby pig Bobo was sick. He was lying on the bed all day, shouting for a headache for a while, shouting for a sore throat, and no one played with him. \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I brought you a floral fragrance!\" The chubby pig smelled it. It's so fragrant. It's a little better. The next morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Feng'er said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll make your windmill turn!\" The windmill turned \"Da La Da La\", and turned up. The chubby Popo danced with the windmill, and his illness was a little better. On the third morning, \"\u549a! \u549a! \u549a!\" Who knocked on the window? Mom opened the window. It turned out to be wind. Fenger said, \"I'm here to play with you. I'll let your wind chimes ring!\" The chimes rang \"tinkering\". The chubby Bobo sang a song with the wind chimes, and his illness was a little better. Now Fenger is carrying flowers every day, turning the windmill \"Da La Da La\", and shaking the wind chime \"Ding Ling Ding Ling\" to play with the little chubby Bobo. Its illness is all right! Mom opened the window, it turned out to be windy."}, {"nb": 1635, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang 's mother is a handy person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a peaceful summer night, and Zhang Leping snuggled up next to her mother to watch her embroidery. Suddenly, he found a candle oil flowing from the candle, much like the chick embroidered by his mother. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but he caught the warm, soft sludge. Following the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with mud, and dug a little red oil from the red candle, and embedded it in the white rabbit's eyes. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at her son's work, and held him back: \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinched is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art. It was a peaceful summer night, and Zhang Leping snuggled up next to her mother to watch her embroidery."}, {"nb": 1636, "data": "I'm painting in front of the windowsill. I drew a large pool with green watercolors, and the water flowed violently. I drew a large lotus on the clear water. I also painted a few small fishes beside the lotus, and I drew many more. Water plants. I drew a large pool with green watercolors, and the water flowed violently. I drew a large lotus on the clear water. I also painted a few small fishes beside the lotus, and I drew many more. Water plants."}, {"nb": 1637, "data": "Crows and Larks Crows really don't understand why Larks can sing such beautiful songs. When people talk about lark, they will praise it. The crow thought: If I could have a natural voice like a lark, how good would it be! The crow couldn't think of any good way, so he had to ask the lark for help, and he asked the lark to help it achieve its purpose. The lark told the crow: \"If you want a good voice and sing beautiful songs, you have to get up early every morning, regardless of spring, summer, autumn and winter, and you will continue to practice in this way for a long time and you will be successful.\" Before the crow listened to the lark, he flew away (not convinced, dissatisfied). Those who are afraid of difficulties will get nothing. The crow thought: If I could have a natural voice like a lark, how good would it be!"}, {"nb": 1638, "data": "Darwin Watering Flowers Darwin was very interested in flowers, insects, and fish, and was a very curious child. Once, Darwin and his friends played in the park. They talked about a cluster of golden primroses, talking eloquently: \"Why is the flower golden?\" \"Can its color change?\" Darwin's eyes widened and he looked for a while, surely the location Nodded and said, \"Well, this flower is golden by the sun! Because the sun is also golden. If you want to change the color of the flower, I see no problem!\" After that, Darwin ran home, found the watering can, and Get the red and blue ink on Dad's desk to the garden. He said with confidence: \"Look at me, when I pour it in red water, it will bloom red flowers; when I pour blue water, I will bloom blue flowers.\" As a result, Darwin failed, and this matter became his mind. A treasure in China. From small to large, he kept exploring and learning, and answered one question after another. Later, Darwin became a world-renowned biologist. Darwin's eyes widened for a while, and he nodded surely, \"Well, this flower is goldened by the sun!\""}, {"nb": 1639, "data": "How does a tree eat? A tree eats something very special. It does not rely on the mouth, but on the roots. Under the roots of the trees are many fine and small hairy roots. Big trees use these tiny roots to absorb nutrients and water from the soil. These nutrients and water are transported through the trunk to various parts of the laurel. In addition, the leaves, although small, also played a huge role. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are the main components of cellulose and lignin in the tree. Carbohydrates can also be converted into fats, proteins, and other organic matter to promote tree growth. Trees treat carbohydrates as food. The leaves absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and through photosynthesis, the carbon dioxide and the water absorbed by the roots from the soil are converted into carbohydrates."}, {"nb": 1640, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder."}, {"nb": 1641, "data": "When he cut a wall and stole the Western Han Dynasty, there was a peasant's child called Kuang Heng. His family was very poor and had no money to go to school, but he also loved reading and had to work and earn money to read. One day, Kuang Heng thought: I planted crops during the day and didn't have time to read books. I could use some more nights to read books. But Kuang Heng's family is so poor that he can't afford the oil for lighting. What should I do? Kuang Heng was lying on the bed carrying the book he had read during the day and carrying it on his back. Suddenly he saw a beam of light shining through the eastern wall. He immediately stood up and walked over to the wall to see, ah! It turned out that the light from the neighbor 's house was seeping through the crack in the wall. So Kuang Heng thought of a way: he took a small knife and dug a little wall gap. In this way, the light that passed through was even brighter, and he used it to read the book. Kuang Heng studied hard like this, and later became a very learned person. When he cut a wall and stole the Western Han Dynasty, there was a peasant's child called Kuang Heng."}, {"nb": 1642, "data": "Why the morning and night sun is so red The sun rises early in the morning or is always red when the mountain is going to go down in the evening, like the cute face of a child. It turned out that the atmosphere \"tinted\" the sun red. Sunlight is made up of 7 colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. When these seven colors of light appeared in a neat line together, what we saw was white light. We know that there is a very thick atmosphere around the earth. There are a lot of dust and small water droplets in this atmosphere. When the sun shines on the earth, it must first pass through the atmosphere. The naughty little ones, such as dust and small water droplets, will diffuse the sun or simply block it back. In the morning or evening sun, almost only red and orange light bravely broke through the atmosphere blocking them and shot into our eyes, so the sun we saw in the morning and evening was always red. In the morning or evening sun, almost only red and orange light bravely broke through the atmosphere blocking them and shot into our eyes, so the sun we saw in the morning and evening was always red."}, {"nb": 1643, "data": "Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors. In the morning, the rabbit borrowed a pot from the rooster. The cock said, \"Don't borrow it.\" In the afternoon, the duck asked the cock to help pick water. The cock said, \"Don't go.\" In the evening, there was a sudden strong wind and heavy rain. The roof of the rooster was blown off by the strong wind, and he was so anxious that he barked and jumped. When the rabbit and duck heard the rooster's cry, they put down their work and ran to help the rooster repair the roof. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, and the roof was repaired. The cock looks at the repaired roof, and then the rabbit and duck, and the cock blushes. Roosters, rabbits, and ducks are neighbors."}, {"nb": 1644, "data": "Beautiful flower bed There is a square flower bed in front of my house, which is filled with all kinds of flowers. The petals of chrysanthemums are thin and long, stretching outwards, and finally curling naturally, they really sag like the aunt's very beautiful curls; the petals of the pansies flutter in the wind, like a butterfly unfolding in the flowers Wings; a bunch of red is even more beautiful than its name. Dozens of small red flowers are bunched up on the flower branch, which is really beautiful. The petals of chrysanthemums are thin and long, and they stretch out. At the end, they curl up naturally and sag like a curly hair that is very beautiful;"}, {"nb": 1645, "data": "Sweet flute Little white rabbit intends to plant sugar cane. The little goat said to her, \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" The little white rabbit said, \"Don't forget, eat sugarcane at that time!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil, cut the old sugar cane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. The little fox and the little monkey came to help her find fertilizer, and picked up one after another. The little white rabbit was so touched, she said loudly, \"Uncle Niu, chubby pig, little fox, little monkey, sugar cane must be cooked to eat sugar cane!\" However, in autumn, the little white rabbit's sugar cane field only grew one. Little sugarcane seedling. \"I promised my friends to come to eat sugarcane, but now ... woo--woo--woo--\" Little white rabbit was crying sadly, her eyes were red. Little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She cut down the sugarcane seedling, digged it, emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit blew the flute, and the sound of the flute went far and far. Little goats heard, little fat pigs heard, little foxes and little monkeys heard, and Uncle Niu heard. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She bulged her three-flap mouth and kept blowing, ah ... Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is so nice, with a hint of sweetness, we seem to be eating sugar cane!"}, {"nb": 1646, "data": "During the break, Huizhen and I like to go to the playground to watch the classmates play rope skipping. Once, when Mr. Wang, who was on duty on the playground, saw it, he taught us the basic skills of skipping ropes, such as how to take off and how to shake the ropes ... Huizhen is very athletic and can learn as soon as he learns. And I tried many times without success and often tripped over the rope with a clumsy hand. Huizhen said to me, \"It's okay, let's practice next time we take a break! I can practice with you, and I can definitely learn.\" In the rest of the rest, I worked hard with Huizhen on the playground. With the help of Huizhen, I gradually mastered some methods, and finally I can jump rope briskly. Both Huizhen and I laughed happily. Huizhen is very talented in sports and will know it as soon as he learns it."}, {"nb": 1647, "data": "Brave and clever A little squirrel and three little kangaroos are playing under a fruit tree. The mother kangaroo is watching them not far away. Suddenly, a wicked wolf got out of the woods. The kangaroo mother's eyes are quick, she grabs two baby kangaroos and a baby squirrel, puts them in the pockets on her chest, and poses in a fight with the wolf. However, another little kangaroo was under a walnut tree that was far away and did not return to his mother's pocket in time. The evil wolf drooled and swooped at it. \"Oh!\" Something hit the head of the old wolf, and the evil wolf opened his mouth wide and looked up. \"Oh!\" Another thing caught his throat, the wolf was frightened, thinking it was the hunter's bullet, and ran away with his tail in his hands. Everyone looked up, and it turned out that it was the squirrel mother who threw walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is brave!\" The little kangaroo said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so smart!\" After hearing this, the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed. At this time, the little squirrel and the baby kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo's pocket."}, {"nb": 1648, "data": "Riding a bike I used to ride a four-wheeled stroller before, so I think a two-wheeled bike is also a piece of cake. I didn't wait for my mother to speak, I couldn't wait to get on the car, but I couldn't hold it and fell off. My mother laughed and said, \"I can't eat hot tofu in a hurry, but I'll help you practice a few laps.\" After I learned the lesson, I carefully re-ride the car. I didn't wait for my mother to speak, I couldn't wait to get on the car, but I couldn't hold it and fell off."}, {"nb": 1649, "data": "Grandpa Dong 's gift is gray. Grandpa Dong came to the world with naughty and cute snowflakes. The glittering little snowflakes are blooming all over the sky, and the white little flowers are floating! Little snowflakes put a white coat on spruce, and the spruce is warm; small snowflakes cover a wheat field with a white quilt, and wheat seedlings are warm. The naughty north wind came whistling and wanted to blow off the snow coat and run away the snow quilt. The north wind went to blow on the snow coat, but it sounded a series of pleasant bells. Alas, did Xiaoxue hang the bell on the spruce? Oh no, no, it is the spruce snow coat that has a layer of ice flowers, the wind blows, Ding Ling, Ding Ling ... The naughty north wind is blowing a whistle, wanting to blow off the snow coat, want to blow off the snow quilt."}, {"nb": 1650, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable. The thumb first stood up and said proudly: \"This problem is very simple, of course, my ability is the best. Why don't I rank first?\" The second thumb quit, and hurriedly said, \"I am the most amazing. People do whatever I used to give pointers. Where is your business? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up to argue,\" Look at it fast, straighten five fingers, the highest than anyone else. \" ...... The ring finger and little finger are not to be outdone, they all show their housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: See who can take it, whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they each flexed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball also made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought five fingers together? Five fingers went into battle, and as soon as they were gently picked, they were picked up. With five fingers, you look at me, I look at you, and smile embarrassedly. One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable."}, {"nb": 1651, "data": "Good neighbor. Every morning, I can hear the call of the flower magpie. When I woke up, I lay on the windowsill and counted how many flower magpies had fallen from the big tree: one, two, three ... Ah, there are nine in total, which is two more than yesterday! I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home! The flower magpie helps the tree to get rid of pests and wakes me up from sleep every day. The flower magpie is my good neighbor. I'm so glad that the flower magpie has taken the big trees of my house as their home!"}, {"nb": 1652, "data": "Selling a wok Mr. Xiong is carrying a big wok. From a distance, it looks like he is carrying a turtle shell. Mr. Xiong came to the village and called for a sale: \"Sell iron pots, sell iron pots!\" Grandma Hippo saw it, and was very happy: \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just have a few big iron pots!\" The iron wok was sold to Grandma Hippo, and called again, \"Sell iron wok, sell iron wok!\" It turned out that there was a medium-sized iron wok behind Mr. Xiong. Aunt Grey Rabbit ran and happily cried, \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just miss one such wok!\" Mrs Grey Rabbit bought the medium-sized wok, and Mr. Xiong cried again: \"Selling iron Pots sell iron pots! \"It turned out that Mr. Xiong still had a very small iron pot behind his back. Sister Beatles saw it and shouted happily, \"Sell it to me, sell me, I just happen to have such a small wok!\" Mr. Xiong sold the last little wok and went home happily. . In the village, grandma hippopotamus, aunt grey rabbit and sister beetle all use the newly bought iron wok to cook. Thick smoke came from the chimney of Grandma Hippo's big house; medium smoke from the chimney of Aunt Grey Rabbit's medium house; thin smoke came from the chimney of Little Beetle's house. A rosy glow in Yuantian reflects this peaceful animal village. It is so beautiful! The chimneys of the beetle's tiny house emit thin smoke."}, {"nb": 1653, "data": "Good friends of crops-frogs There are many types of frogs. The common one is the black-spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on the top of the head, and the vision is sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but not sensitive to lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth. The main food for frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth."}, {"nb": 1654, "data": "Xiao He Healing Xiao He loves to be clean and everyone likes it very much. One day, the rabbit saw that the body of the river was very dirty, and the water became turbid. The river was covered with spots of unknown origin. Flies and mosquitoes fluttered in a \"buzzing\" manner. The little rabbit asked strangely, \"Hey, what's the matter with you?\" Xiao He was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Is Xiaohe ill?\" Rabbit thought to her, or hurry up and see the wood doctor, Woodpecker! Here comes the woodpecker, and he takes a closer look and says, \"Your friends have stained the river, please find them for treatment Rule it! \"When the little rabbit heard it, he quickly brought the lamb, the puppy, and the pig. Everyone looked blushed, and quickly said to Sorry I was sorry. It turned out that they poured dirty things into the stream. How could the stream not get sick? The woodpecker came and took a careful look and said, \"Your friends have made the river dirty. Find them for treatment!"}, {"nb": 1655, "data": "Xiaoshan Village My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is an orchard on the hillside. It is full of pink peach blossoms and white pear blossoms. There is a beautiful new house at the foot of the mountain. That is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The water is crystal clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly built mountain road twisted and stretched into the distance. I love my small mountain village, I love my hometown. There is a beautiful new house at the foot of the mountain. That is our school."}, {"nb": 1656, "data": "Mom is a mountain, tall and stable. The mountains are beautiful and gentle. Mother is a mountain. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree. My mother loves me so much, she loves me so much. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares for the tree. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature."}, {"nb": 1657, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, and the mother said, \"The sun is round and red.\" The little rabbit pointed at two red, round lanterns and asked, \"Is this the sun?\" The mother said, \"This is a lantern The sun is outside the house! \"The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed to three round, red radishes and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"The mother replied,\" This is a radish, and the sun is in the sky! \"Xiao The rabbit raised his head and pointed at the red, round balloon floating in the sky and asked, \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon. The sun will shine, you see ...\" I found the sun in the direction of my mother's finger. The little rabbit shouted loudly, \"I found it! The sun is red and round, shining on the body warm.\" \"Mom said,\" This is a lantern, the sun is outside the house! \""}, {"nb": 1658, "data": "The light rain and the small tree are raining, it is raining, the small tree is mumbling and drinking. It stretches its leaves and grows green and strong. The small tree happily said to the raindrops, \"Light rain, light rain, thank you!\" Raindrop said, \"Don't worry, I'd like to help you.\" Raindrop said, \"Don't worry, I'd love to help you.\""}, {"nb": 1659, "data": "The kite flew up into the sky and was very happy. He proudly said to the little swallow: \"Look, I also fly to the sky. I fly higher than you! The little swallow patted his wings and said,\" Did you fly up by yourself? \" \"The kite shook his head and said,\" No, it was Uncle Feng who sent me to the sky. \" After that, the kite flew away in embarrassment. The kite flew up into the sky, very happy."}, {"nb": 1660, "data": "The walking moon Xiaoyanyan likes to go to her grandmother's house. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path. Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did the moon follow us to grandma's house?\" The mother said, \"The moon loves Xiaoyanyan. Wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon follows.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought \"Mom, let's go back.\" \"Why?\" Mom was surprised. \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ...\" Mom laughed. He said, \"Good boy, the moon loves your dad, too, and there is a moon on the dad's side.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused. She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\" She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path."}, {"nb": 1661, "data": "Dreams of Little Trees Little grey rabbits and little squirrels are bouncing in the woods. The small tree was very envious after seeing it, but its roots were stuck in the soil, and it could not run or jump. One day, it had a dream. The little tree has no root and runs and jumps happily. After a while, the little tree was hot, and the sweat from the leaves turned into water vapor and ran into the sky. The little tree was thirsty and wanted to drink water. But he has no root, what should he do? The little tree woke up from her dream. \"Oh, okay, my roots are still in the soil!\" It happened that it was raining, and the little tree drank the underground water with the roots \"coo-coo\". How sweet the water is, enough for the little tree. \"It happened that it was raining, and the little tree drank the water underground with its roots."}, {"nb": 1662, "data": "Selling a wok Mr. Xiong is carrying a big wok. From a distance, it looks like he is carrying a turtle shell. Mr. Xiong came to the village and called for a sale: \"Sell iron pots, sell iron pots!\" Grandma Hippo saw it, and was very happy: \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just have a few big iron pots!\" The iron wok was sold to Grandma Hippo, and called again, \"Sell iron wok, sell iron wok!\" It turned out that there was a medium-sized iron wok behind Mr. Xiong. Aunt Grey Rabbit ran and happily cried, \"Sell it to me and sell it to me, I just miss one such wok!\" Mrs Grey Rabbit bought the medium-sized wok, and Mr. Xiong cried again: \"Selling iron Pots sell iron pots! \"It turned out that Mr. Xiong still had a very small iron pot behind his back. Sister Beatles saw it and shouted happily, \"Sell it to me, sell me, I just happen to have such a small wok!\" Mr. Xiong sold the last little wok and went home happily. . In the village, grandma hippopotamus, aunt grey rabbit and sister beetle all use the newly bought iron wok to cook. Thick smoke came from the chimney of Grandma Hippo's big house; medium smoke from the chimney of Aunt Grey Rabbit's medium house; thin smoke came from the chimney of Little Beetle's house. A rosy glow in Yuantian reflects this peaceful animal village. It is so beautiful! Thick smoke came out of the chimney of Grandma Hippo 's big house;"}, {"nb": 1663, "data": "The scenery of the park is so beautiful Today, the sun is shining and there are a few white clouds floating in the blue sky. My parents and I are rowing in the lake in the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and is surrounded by colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. The birds are singing a gentle song on the tree. A group of children are playing the eagle-and-chicken game under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward with a big chest. . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... the park scenery is so beautiful! Sitting at the bow of the boat, I could n\u2019t help but sing loudly, and my father and mother sang softly to me as they rowed the boat: \u201cIt \u2019s sunny today, the scenery is good, the scenery ...\u201d There is a small bridge in the distance, at the end of the bridge It's a pavilion. The pavilion is full of adults and children, and it is surrounded by colorful flowers."}, {"nb": 1664, "data": "In the park, a magnolia flower is quietly opening. The lark fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white Magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly, \"No, the sun father gave me color, the rain gave me fragrance, dear soil My mother gave me sufficient nutrition so that I could smile and be open. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, the raindrops and the soil. \"Magnolia said embarrassedly,\" No, the father-in-law gave me color, and raindrops gave me I am fragrant, my dear soil mom has given me sufficient nutrition so that I can smile and open."}, {"nb": 1665, "data": "The girl Qiu proudly flew to the garden and said to many flowers, \"Your flowering period is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on your body to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, the garden was full of various chrysanthemums, purple. Yes, there are yellow and white ... The girl Qiu came to the grass cheerfully, and said to the grass, \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I will put on my pine and cypress friends The wind is cold. \"As a result, the grass withered, and the pine and cypresses on the campus and the road became greener. The girl Qiu came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and big wild geese to say, \"Hurry up and get ready, go to the south!\" So the little swallows and big wild geese are flying in the blue sky. \"So the little swallows and big geese were flying in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1666, "data": "We have a lot of useful little animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let 's go and see the dragonfly first! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its body is thin and long, so slim. Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! You see, a little swallow is busy catching flying insects in the sky! The swallow wore a black tuxedo. The tail is like a small pair of scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it is flying low. Hey, hey, who is here? Oh, it's a little frog. It had a pair of big eyes and was wearing turquoise clothes and exposed white and white belly. It was lovely. It can eat thousands of pests a year. It is a good helper to protect the crops. There are many, many useful little animals around us! We must take good care of those lovely little lives! It can eat thousands of pests a year."}, {"nb": 1667, "data": "The big cock blushed Every day before dawn, the big cock was about to scream. One day, his neighbor, the little rabbit, asked him, \"Friend, why do you always cry, isn't it nice to be quiet?\" The big cock said, \"If I don't cry, the sky won't light up!\" The rabbit shook his head in doubt. \"Why, do you still doubt this?\" The big rooster said in surprise: \"Every day, always after I called, the genius is bright, isn't this true?\" The rabbit thought for a while and said, \"So let's Don't call tomorrow morning and see what happens? \"The big cock agreed. The next day, the big cock did not bark. However, the sky is still bright. The self-righteous big cock was flushed with a brush. However, the sky is still bright."}, {"nb": 1668, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it."}, {"nb": 1669, "data": "Crows and Larks Crows really don't understand why Larks can sing such beautiful songs. When people talk about lark, they will praise it. The crow thought: If I could have a natural voice like a lark, how good would it be! The crow couldn't think of any good way, so he had to ask the lark for help, and he asked the lark to help it achieve its purpose. The lark told the crow: \"If you want a good voice and sing beautiful songs, you have to get up early every morning, regardless of spring, summer, autumn and winter, and you will continue to practice in this way for a long time and you will be successful.\" Before the crow listened to the lark, he flew away (not convinced, dissatisfied). Those who are afraid of difficulties will get nothing. The crow thought: If I could have a natural voice like a lark, how good would it be!"}, {"nb": 1670, "data": "Bless you, little swallow. In the early morning, I walked in the park and found a little swallow fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I was holding the little swallow carefully, holding my head sideways, and looking at the tree while walking. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\". Is that the nest of the little swallow? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing couldn't help screaming, like, \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away when she saw me. I put the little swallow under \"Tu Wo Wo\" and then hid behind the big tree and watched. I saw two big swallows gently falling beside the little swallows, called and how much, the three swallows were so affectionate! Watching their family reunite, I couldn't keep my mouth shut. what ! Little swallow, I bless you, I hope you can grow up smoothly and make a greater contribution to humanity. I was holding the little swallow carefully, holding my head sideways, and looking at the tree while walking."}, {"nb": 1671, "data": "One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the best, I call the sun.\" The frog said, \"Can you call the sun at night?\" The cock said, \"Yes!\" Call out. After a while, it really lighted up outside. The cock is happy. No matter what, the owner locked up the chicken. It turned out that what the cock saw was the light of an electric lamp. The next day, the sun rose from the east. One day, the cock said to the frog, \"My ability is the greatest, and the sun is my name."}, {"nb": 1672, "data": "The small tree came through the winter, and the northwest wind was blowing, and we put on a cotton coat. Dad said: \"We are cold, and the little tree is cold too. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then tied it carefully one by one with a rope. Looking at the small tree in front of me, I said happily, \"The small tree is not afraid of wind and rain when it is wearing a winter coat.\" As my father brought straw and rope, I quickly followed my father to the small tree."}, {"nb": 1673, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable. The thumb first stood up and said proudly: \"This problem is very simple, of course, my ability is the best. Why don't I rank first?\" The second thumb quit, and hurriedly said, \"I am the most amazing. People do whatever I used to give pointers. Where is your business? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up to argue,\" Look at it fast, straighten five fingers, the highest than anyone else. \" ...... The ring finger and little finger are not to be outdone, they all show their housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: See who can take it, whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they each flexed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball also made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought five fingers together? Five fingers went into battle, and as soon as they were gently picked, they were picked up. With five fingers, you look at me, I look at you, and smile embarrassedly. One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable."}, {"nb": 1674, "data": "One day, a boy was sitting under an apple tree, and suddenly an apple fell from the tree and landed on the ground. The boy saw it and found it very strange. He thought, \"Once the apples are ripe, why do they fall to the ground, but they don't fly to the sky, nor do they leave to the left or right?\" When the boy discovered this problem, he focused his research. Later, he finally found out that the secret of the apple falling is because the earth is attractive. When the boy discovered this problem, he focused his research. Later, he finally found out that the secret of the apple falling is because the earth is attractive."}, {"nb": 1675, "data": "Mi Jia 's Diary In winter, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh, and skated with her partners on the river. He happily wrote down his diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He wrote his diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, picks wild fruits, and turns around in the shade. He wrote his diary happily: \"Summer is so happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the apples in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are Huang Chengcheng. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is so lovely, I hope it will always be autumn.\" Spring is here. Mi Jia is looking at the flowers on the green grass and chasing the butterflies."}, {"nb": 1676, "data": "A horse lost its way in the desert. In the evening, the pony was tired and he thought, \"If there is a drink of water, what a great thing!\" Just then, it saw not far away, and there were some bright flowers on the stones. The pony rolled up a flower with his tongue, how sweet this flower is! \"That 's all right!\" The little horse cried happily, and ate all the flowers. The next day, the pony finally returned to his mother. The pony told her story to her mother and told her that she walked back because she ate the flowers that bloomed on the stones. The mother said with a smile: \"Child, that's not a stone, it's a plant called a lithophyllum.\" \"That's the case!\" The pony understood. The next day, the pony finally returned to his mother."}, {"nb": 1677, "data": "Music therapy Uncle Niu is old and often suffers from insomnia. His children sent him to the music hospital. Uncle Niu was lying on the bed and closed his eyes. After a while, soft music sounded in the ward. Uncle Niu listened and he went to sleep. As soon as he woke up, the nurse lark came in and asked, \"Are you sleeping well?\" Uncle Niu said happily, \"I haven't slept beautifully for a long time. What magic did you do to me?\" \"What magic is there?\" Yeah, it \u2019s the music's help. Music can relax the nerves and promote the normal work of blood vessels and endocrine systems. It has effects on various diseases! \"Music can relax the nerves and promote the normal work of blood vessels and endocrine systems. Efficacy too!"}, {"nb": 1678, "data": "The girl Qiu proudly flew to the garden and said to many flowers, \"Your flowering period is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on your body to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, the garden was full of various chrysanthemums, purple. Yes, there are yellow and white ... The girl Qiu came to the grass cheerfully, and said to the grass, \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I will put on my pine and cypress friends The wind is cold. \"As a result, the grass withered, and the pine and cypresses on the campus and the road became greener. The girl Qiu came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and big wild geese to say, \"Hurry up and get ready, go to the south!\" So the little swallows and big wild geese are flying in the blue sky. \"So the garden was full of all kinds of chrysanthemums, purple, yellow, and white ..."}, {"nb": 1679, "data": "The little squirrel looked for the peanut tree. There were many peanuts, green leaves, and small yellow flowers, which looked really good. The little squirrel asked the earthworm, \"What is this?\" The earthworm said, \"This is peanuts.\" The little squirrel was very happy, and he thought, when the peanuts had settled, I would pick them up and keep them for winter. Since then, the little squirrel has gone into the peanut field every day to see if the peanuts have turned out. However, until the golden flowers were gone, I didn't see a peanut fruit. The little squirrel opened his eyes wide and said to himself, \"Strange, who has taken the peanut fruit?\" The earthworm got out of the soil, and said to the little squirrel with a smile, \"No one has picked the peanut fruit. Here it is! \"The little squirrel looked for peanuts, there were many peanuts, green leaves, and yellow and yellow flowers, which were so beautiful."}, {"nb": 1680, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply, \"I thought What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a maggot when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. \u201dThe fly said happily with its hand: Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray is aimed at them two times and the mosquito flies are all dead. Let me tell you, our mosquito family also has two names."}, {"nb": 1681, "data": "She quickly wiped a large number of matches to keep her grandmother. A large number of matches glowed intensely, shining as brightly as in the day. Grandma has never been taller and more beautiful than she is now. Grandma picked up the little girl and held her in her arms. The two of them flew away in a happy light, and flew higher and higher, and went to a place where there was no hunger, no cold, and no pain. She quickly wiped a large number of matches to keep her grandmother."}, {"nb": 1682, "data": "The three climbers went up the mountain together. The first person just started climbing a few steps and felt that the mountain was difficult to climb. Then he retreated. He said, \"I retreated because of difficulty.\" Breathing, looking at the treacherous mountains above, he shook his head and said, \"It's OK!\" He stepped back. Only the third person, on the way up, bravely moved forward, fell several times, and got up again, without fear or discouragement. Finally, he reached the top of the mountain. A few days later, the three met again. The first person said, \"It \u2019s just the same thing when I went to the top of the mountain. I retired because I knew what was difficult and saved a lot of energy.\" \"The man who reached the top of the mountain smiled and said,\" However, you cannot see the infinite scenery of the peak. \"Finally, he reached the top of the mountain."}, {"nb": 1683, "data": "Two friends Two friends who are usually very good are on the road together. On the way, I suddenly encountered a big bear. One of them immediately climbed into the tree with lightning and hid, while the other saw the escape was hopeless. Then he lay down on the ground as soon as the brain moved and held his breath tightly, pretending to be dead Already. It is said that the bear never eats the dead. The bear came to him, sniffed on his face with his nose, and turned and left. When the man hiding in the tree came down, he asked what the bear said in his ear. The man replied politely: \"Bear tells me, don't go with friends who can't share the same trouble in the future.\" The man politely replied: \"Bear tells me, don't go with those who can't Friends in need together go together."}, {"nb": 1684, "data": "Spring is here spring is here, spring is here. The earth gradually woke up from sleep. The flowers showed sweet smiles. The birds sang beautiful songs. The children lined up in a neat line and went to the spring tour happily. Spring is really a beautiful and lovely season. Spring is really a beautiful and lovely season."}, {"nb": 1685, "data": "It is very difficult to see snow in Taiwan Province of my country. During the Spring Festival, the children saw beautiful snow in the shop window. It was made of white cotton. The children asked the teacher, \"Have you ever seen real snow?\" The teacher smiled and nodded. \"Where have you met?\" The children asked in surprise. The teacher said, \"When I was young, I was in my hometown.\" She pointed to Beijing on the map. The children asked the teacher, \"Have you ever seen real snow?"}, {"nb": 1686, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I came to the river with a shovel and a sapling. I dug a pit with a shovel and carefully planted the saplings. When I saw her, she smiled and asked me, \"Child, what tree do you plant?\" I replied loudly, \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be presented to children all over the world. Spread happiness. \"My mother stroked my head and said kindly:\" Let's wish the happy tree grow up quickly, so that every child in the world can share happiness! \"My mother stroked my head and said kindly: \"Together we wish the happy tree grow up quickly, so that every child in the world can share happiness!"}, {"nb": 1687, "data": "What are they doing in winter? In the winter, the little monkey climbed up the pine tree and asked the squirrel to play. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to the little bees to play. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter, and I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the soil hole near the withered grass, which read: \"I slept in my home for a winter Friends, please don't disturb me-oh. \"There was a cave in the woods, and the monkey saw a few bats inside with the claws holding the crack between the stones, his body hanging upside down, and he slept soundly! The little monkey had no choice but to climb up the tree and catch the branches to swing on the swing. What are they doing in winter? In the winter, the little monkey climbs up the pine tree and looks for squirrels to play with."}, {"nb": 1688, "data": "Among many animals, four species look like us humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees and gibbon. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. So scientists call them apes. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals."}, {"nb": 1689, "data": "The child who counts stars At night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky. One, two, and counted down to several hundred. Grandma smiled and said, \"Stupid child, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and flickering, seeing the flowers, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, I can see See, you can count them clearly. The stars are moving, but not chaotic. You see, this star and that star are always so far apart. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Children, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa paused, pointing to the north The sky said, \"You see, the seven stars are connected like a spoon, called the Big Dipper. The star facing the mouth is the North Star. The Big Dipper always orbits the North Star.\" What Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night and got up to see the stars several times. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris. The child who counted the stars was Zhang Heng, who was from the Han Dynasty. When he grew up, he studied astronomy hard and became a famous astronomer. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant."}, {"nb": 1690, "data": "Mother Yan hatched four little swallows. They have black hairs, white belly, small yellow lips with pointed tips, a long small neck stretched out, and a small round head shaking, you hold me, and I scream. When Father Yan and Mother Yan came back with bugs, they scrambled to squeeze out, extended their heads, opened their mouths, extended their necks, and eager to eat. If they ca n\u2019t eat it, they yell. When Father Yan and Mother Yan came back with bugs, they scrambled to squeeze out, extended their heads, opened their mouths, extended their necks, and eager to eat."}, {"nb": 1691, "data": "How can I forget the summer in my childhood? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber stands are adorned with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black potato fields are dazzling; Little flowers hang on the eggplant tree, little sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden, Tonger played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; I learned to sing on the weeping willow next to the vegetable garden, and the frog beat the drum rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I was in the vegetable garden with a small basket The young leek was cut, and the grasshopper jumped in to invite me to join the gala; the village heard the shouting of a mother waiting for chives to make dumplings, and my little flower skirt made the butterfly fly out of the vegetable garden. Summer vegetable garden How can I forget the summer of my childhood, the vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber stands are covered with small golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black potato fields are dazzling;"}, {"nb": 1692, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!"}, {"nb": 1693, "data": "Interesting sun and moon shells There is an interesting shell in the sea near the Xisha Islands in China. It has two round shells, one facing down to the bottom of the sea, one who doesn't see sunlight in adulthood, is white and white, like the moon; the other is upward, often shining in sunlight, red and red, like the sun. People call it \"Sun Moon Bay\". When the sun and the moon were swimming, the two shells quickly joined one by one, drained forward, and swam as fast as a bird, so someone called it a \"flying shell.\" When the sun and the moon were swimming, the two shells quickly joined one by one, drained forward, and swam as fast as a bird, so someone called it a \"flying shell.\""}, {"nb": 1694, "data": "The fox split the cake. There used to be twins called fat and chubby. They keep quarreling all day long. One day, they found a piece of bread on the way to their grandmother 's house. They were afraid of the other side eating too much, so they kept quarreling. When a fox came, it said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divided the bread into big and small, and fat and chubby said, \"It's not fair.\" The fox said, \"It's not easy. The fox took a big bite, and the big became small. Fatty and chubby still felt unfair, and the fox took a bite again. In this way, the fox bites and bites. In the end, almost all the bread was eaten by the fox. The fox quietly slipped away while the brothers were devastating. Only then did the brothers realize that they were deceived by the sly fox and regretted it. A fox came and said, \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair."}, {"nb": 1695, "data": "Changing hands Silk flower master Every morning, when the music of sunshine sports sounds, students in each class will rush to the school playground in a hurry. When you pass the small playground, you will always see a blooming \"flower\" dancing in the breeze. Who is this \"flower\"? She is Xu Zhuomin from our class. Xu Zhuomin changed her silk flowers very well. I call her \"the master of silk flowers\". She will not only turn left hand, but also turn up, even if she even made two tops, she will not make mistakes. She is indeed the \"hand-changing silk flower master\" in my mind. Xu Zhuomin changed her silk flowers very well."}, {"nb": 1696, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer thought happily: Ah, what a nice sunshine, I want to take it back as a gift to Grandma!"}, {"nb": 1697, "data": "Mr. Ma Hu Once upon a time, there was a painter. One day, he had just painted a tiger's head, and a friend came to ask him to paint a horse. He added a horse body to the tiger's head painting, and the friend stopped the painting. The painter hung the painting on the wall of his own home. From then on, people called him \"sloppy painter\". One day, his eldest son went out hunting, saw a horse, thought it was a tiger, and shot the horse with an arrow, but was beaten; the younger son saw a tiger in the wild, and thought it was a horse, and wanted to ride It was eaten by the tiger. Mr. Sloppy cried a lot, and determined that he would take things seriously in the future and stop being sloppy. The painter hung the painting on the wall of his own home. From then on, people called him \"sloppy painter\"."}, {"nb": 1698, "data": "One day, a white sheep went up the canopy bridge from the south, and a black sheep got up the canoe bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black sheep said, \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They didn't want anyone to let them go. Arise, after a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river. They came to the bridge at the same time, and Aries said, \"You go back and let me cross the bridge first!"}, {"nb": 1699, "data": "During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play. There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe. The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place. The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher. It likes to eat fresh leaves most, you see how fragrant it is! There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe."}, {"nb": 1700, "data": "Proud \"8\" In the digital kingdom, \"8\" is the one who loves to brag about himself. This is not, it says again: \"Now people are saying '888'-'fafafa'. Someone even moved to get the phone number '8.0' ...\" 8 \"is spitting At that time, \"4\" came to persuade it: \"'8' brother, save some energy to help people calculate formulas! \"Hearing here,\" 8 \"was blowing his beard and staring again:\" The bold \u20184\u2019 dare to speak to me like this. \u201d You and \u20182\u2019 together are \u2018dead\u2019! Being with \u20187\u2019 is \u2018dead wife\u2019! In short, none of the figures with you can lead a good life! \"4\" was annoyed by \"8\" and said aloud, \"You crazy\u2018 8 \u2019, in the country of music, people sing\u2018 fafafa \u2019when you see me, and what about you? You can't even rank in the music country! \"\" 8 \"Angrily gritted his teeth, but he was speechless, and had to squeeze a sentence out of his teeth:\" I don't have general knowledge with you! \" Then they left dimly. Some people even moved to get the phone number of 8.0..."}, {"nb": 1701, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. \"The crane pecked hard on the plate with its long mouth, but it ate nothing."}, {"nb": 1702, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. He said happily, \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are the star of wisdom, and I am a strongman. How about our strength?"}, {"nb": 1703, "data": "Treasure It will never be known as Mother 's Day until I am a child forever. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for the children to express their gratitude to the mother. Thanks to the mother for giving me, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to cut a \"heart\" with red paper and write my name on it to give it to my mother. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take out the presents; my father reminded me that I gave my \"heart\" to my mother. I said to my mother, \"Mom, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother picked me up and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in her eyes. Mom puts the \"heart\" in her box and keeps it till now, no matter where she goes, this \"heart\" is always with her. I deeply feel: My little thoughts bring happiness to my mother and let her treasure it forever. That day, my mother came back from abroad. I went to the airport to meet her with my father."}, {"nb": 1704, "data": "Hands and mouth speak for a day. The hand said, \"My ability is so great, I made many things in the world.\" I rushed and said, \"I also have credit!\" The hand laughed and said, \"What's your credit? I don't Give you something, you don't even have anything to eat. \"Mouth said angrily:\" I eat, but also for everyone, if I don't eat, can you still move? \"He heard, very angry. He no longer gave anything to stutter, and his mouth did not ask him for it. After a few days, I couldn't hold anything in my hand. What about my mouth? Can't move anymore. Hands and mouth speak for a day."}, {"nb": 1705, "data": "Monkey learning skills On Sunday, the monkey didn't know what to do, so he went to the underground railway to find the little white rabbit. It saw the little white rabbit writing at home, and found it very interesting, so he decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me to write?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, go home and practice for yourself!\" The monkey came home and took out his pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone blowing a trumpet outside. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Bear. The little monkey also found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this profession. It blows and blows. It always blows, so it doesn't want to learn anymore. Just then, he saw Sister Deer practicing running again. It was running fast! It also decided to learn to run. However, after running a few times, I felt too tired and didn't learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy the three little friends are! But little monkey did not learn anything. But little monkey did not learn anything."}, {"nb": 1706, "data": "Speaking of hygiene, right to right, the trunk, open mouth, standing on the side of the road, who is it calling? Hey Hey hey ! Who is that ? Don't throw the peel all over! The little sister, when she heard it, picked up the peel and threw it into the box. Children, when it comes to hygiene, change when you know what is wrong, right or right. The little sister, when she heard it, picked up the peel and threw it into the box."}, {"nb": 1707, "data": "One day, an old goat broke his leg while climbing a mountain. Please ask the donkey to carry it home, and the donkey asks him for ten pounds of potato as a reward. As soon as the old goat heard it, he had to limp away. After a while, the old goat came slowly on Brother Niu's back, and the donkey saw it. He stepped forward and asked, \"Brother Niu, how many potatoes did you ask to carry it?\" Jinjin is not dry yet, Jinjin! Don't dream anymore! \"Brother Niu said seriously:\" It's not me who don't dream anymore, but you don't get confused! What's ten kilograms of potato? Friendship weighs so much! \" The donkey listened to Brother Niu's words, stood with that long ear, dropped his head and embarrassedly left. The donkey listened to Brother Niu's words, stood there with his long ears, dropped his head, and left embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 1708, "data": "Finding Horses in Washington There is a cute pony in Washington. One day, he took the pony out to play. Seeing a few mares, the pony broke the reins and followed the mares into John's house. So Washington and his dad came to John 's house and wanted to return to their pony, but John said that the pony was his. Washington thought about it, went to the pony, covered his eyes with his hands and said to John, \"If this is really your horse, which eye do you say is blind?\" John Zhiwu said, \"Left , Left eye. \"Washington shook his head. John hurriedly changed his mouth and said, \"Oh, it's the right eye.\" Washington put his hands down, and John saw that both eyes of the pony were good. John bowed his head in shame. Washington took his pony happily home. Washington took his pony happily home."}, {"nb": 1709, "data": "Antarctica is the coldest place in the world. The snow is very thick and does not change all year round. The animals here are mainly penguins and seals. They are chubby and very hardy. Penguins are not afraid of people at all, they are very flattering. The animals here are mainly penguins and seals. They are chubby and very hardy."}, {"nb": 1710, "data": "Mom is a mountain, tall and stable. The mountains are beautiful and gentle. Mother is a mountain. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain feeds the tree. My mother loves me so much, she loves me so much. She is like a mountain. He uses the trickle of her life to nourish the thirsty me-a small tree that makes me grow lush. Mom is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares for the tree. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, comfort me, give me hope, give me strength, make me from weak to strong, from childish to mature. My mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern."}, {"nb": 1711, "data": "Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China. As a child, Yan Zhenqing was diligent and eager to learn, and preferred calligraphy. Because his family was poor and could not afford paper and pens, he practiced writing on the wall and on the ground with loess and branches. After growing up, Yan Zhenqing became a county magistrate, still thinking about reading and writing, and never stopped practicing calligraphy. Yan Zhenqing's teacher told him: \"What is the\" knowledge \"to learn calligraphy is hard work. Remember, people who don't work hard will never achieve anything.\" Yan Zhenqing firmly remembered the teacher's words, old Honestly and earnestly work hard in accordance with the teacher's request. Soon, his calligraphy improved a lot. Because of hard work and hard work, Yan Zhenqing finally became a great calligrapher. Yan Zhenqing learns calligraphy Yan Zhenqing is a famous calligrapher in the Tang Dynasty in China."}, {"nb": 1712, "data": "Who is the wisest to have a king give three sons one coin each. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw and did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground. He could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest? The third son bought a candle and the lighted candle lit the whole room."}, {"nb": 1713, "data": "Help Mom Dry Clothes In a sunny morning, Mom was doing laundry. Xiao Lan ran over and said to her mother, \"Mom, you've worked hard, don't do it. I'll wash it for you!\" Mom said, \"No, mother is capable. This won't make me tired.\" Then I'll help you dry your clothes! \"Xiao Lan moved to a small bench, hung a piece of washed clothes on a wire, and pinched it with a clip. At this moment, the mother asked, \"Good daughter, can you do it? If you are not tired, don't do it.\" Xiao Lan proudly said, \"Mom, I can do it, I have grown up.\" At this time, Xiao Lan I saw tears in my mother's eyes. Xiao Lan brought a small bench and hung pieces of washed clothes on a wire and pinched them with a clip."}, {"nb": 1714, "data": "Xiaohuazi looking for happiness There is a little black huazi who jumps out of her mother's arms quietly. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun, and asked, \"Are you very happy, Sun?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun smiled red and said, \"I give you sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It saw the little bird, Q: \"Little bird, are you very happy?\" The bird said, \"Miles,\" \"Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me.\" It saw the bee, and asked: \"The bee Are you happy? \"The bee\" buzzed \"and said,\" Yes, I am happy. I collect honey for everyone, and everyone likes me. \"It saw the frog, and asked,\" Are you happy, frog? \"\" The frog said, \"Yes, I am very happy. I catch insects for everyone, and everyone likes me.\" Friends are very happy, and Xiaohuazier is also looking for his own happiness. It floated with the wind girl, across the river, across the grasslands, and finally onto the snowy mountains. The snow-capped mountains are white, white trees, white houses, white roads ... Xiaohuazi stayed, it will open a flower on the snow-capped mountains. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really blooms a beautiful big red flower. The smell is very good. The scent spreads far, far away, white bears, seals, snow hares, walruses ... and adults and children all came. Seeing that everyone likes it so much, he happily said to himself, \"I'm so happy!\" Xiaohuazier stayed, and he was going to open a flower on the snowy mountain."}, {"nb": 1715, "data": "Six dolls, seven pits and a hot day, the seven little boys led by Vrancik came to the river. They built roads and built bunkers on the beach. Tired of playing, he fluttered and jumped into the river. They swam and barked in the river, and the white water splashed into a slice. Vrancik looked at his partner and counted one by one: \"One, two, three ...\" He clicked it several times, and only counted six. He panicked and said, \"Hey! Who was submerged in the water? When we came there were seven, but now there are only six!\" The children panicked and clicked a few. \"Six! Only six!\" They cried one after the other. Some of them used branches to fish in the river; others slammed into the river to touch them, yelling loudly, and making a mess. When Vrancik felt something in the water, he yelled: \"Here! I'll catch him!\" \"Grasp him, don't let go!\" The group yelled desperately to Vrancik Swim. At this time, Vranzik dragged a leather boot from the water. \"Well, what can I do?\" The children were so anxious that they were crying. There was an old man fishing near the river. He saw the children's confusion, heard the children's exclamation, and said to them, \"Hurry up ashore. Everyone sit in a pit on the beach, and then count . \"The children listened to the fisherman and went to the beach to sit in a pit. Vrancik ordered a few pits: \"Seven! No more, no less, seven.\" At this time the children were all happy, jumping and jumping with joy. In this way, six children sat out of one pit with seven butts. In this way, six children sat out of one pit with seven butts."}, {"nb": 1716, "data": "A mother-loving little fish is a doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; a little bird is a doll of the forest, he loves the mother of the forest; a little star is a doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky; He loves his motherland. The child is the doll of the motherland. He loves his mother."}, {"nb": 1717, "data": "One winter, Lenin was nourishing in the suburbs. He goes for a walk in the park every day. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three greyfinches on the tree: two breasts are pink, and one breast is crimson. They bounce back and forth between the branches and sing gently, which is very cute. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he stopped and looked up at the three cheerful greyfinches, and often brought them breadcrumbs and grains. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three greyfinches on the tree: two breasts are pink, and one breast is crimson."}, {"nb": 1718, "data": "Spiders There are about 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, the venom of most spiders does little harm to humans and animals. But there are many poisonous spiders. There is a kind of spider called Black Widow, which is very toxic, and it can be fatal if people and animals are stabbed. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it nets everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, its usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to destroy pests such as planthoppers, aphids, and spider mites, to increase food production, and they can also be used as medicine to treat diseases such as ulcers, prolapse, and sores. In fact, the venom of most spiders does little harm to humans and animals."}, {"nb": 1719, "data": "In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said, \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm laughed suddenly, \"Huh! You also think of the top of the wall Go up? Do n\u2019t imagine it! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep. The earthworm woke up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turned out that the snail had already climbed to the top of the wall. In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall."}, {"nb": 1720, "data": "We have a lot of useful little animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let 's go and see the dragonfly first! You see, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, it really looks like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its body is thin and long, so slim. Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! You see, a little swallow is busy catching flying insects in the sky! The swallow wore a black tuxedo. The tail is like a small pair of scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it is flying low. Hey, hey, who is here? Oh, it's a little frog. It had a pair of big eyes and was wearing turquoise clothes and exposed white and white belly. It was lovely. It can eat thousands of pests a year. It is a good helper to protect the crops. There are many, many useful little animals around us! We must take good care of those lovely little lives! Not only does it eat pests, it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it means that the weather has changed."}, {"nb": 1721, "data": "Little snowflakes are snowing. Xiaoxue wore a glittering hex hat, a white coat, facing the strong wind, spinning in the air, tumbling ... She overcomes the obstruction of the northern wind, and flew to the fields, forests, mountains, villages and towns ... Look, The wheat seedlings in the field were groaning in the roar of the north wind, and they froze and shrank their weak body. Xiaoxue gently embraced her: \"Wheat seedlings, wheat seedlings, I'm sending you a quilt.\" Wheat seedlings shed tears of excitement: \"Thank you, dear little snowflakes, you are always in my need Time brings warmth. \"After a while, the wheat seedling was covered with a white quilt, thick and soft, and she fell asleep sweetly. Xiao Xue began to fly again, and she flew far and far away again. Xiao Xuehua hugged her tenderly: \"Wheat seedlings, wheat seedlings, I'll send you a quilt."}, {"nb": 1722, "data": "It 's so nice here on a little desert island that a bear lives. The bear felt lonely and dreamed of playing with many friends every day when he slept. Seeing a cloud floating in the sky, the bear hurriedly asked, \"Clouds and clouds, how can I find my friends?\" Yuner didn't speak, and fluttered into a tree. The little bear understood. He planted and planted many island saplings on the island. One year, two years, the small saplings grew up, and the mountains and the fields were covered with green leaves. A little bird flew up: \"Ah, it's nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds came and all lived here. Fallow deer, baby elephant, baby monkey, all came by boat: \"Ah, this is great! Let's live here!\" The bear was so happy, he kept saying, \"Welcome you Welcome! \"There is such a small bear on a small desert island."}, {"nb": 1723, "data": "In the early summer, the pomegranate blossomed. From a distance, the red flowers look like clusters of flames. Closer look, blossoming pomegranate flowers are like small horns. The pale yellow flowers are shaking in the wind, just like a group of fairies dancing. Closer look, blossoming pomegranate flowers are like small horns."}, {"nb": 1724, "data": "The squirrel's tail The little white rabbit saw the squirrel with a big tail and felt very strange. He thought, what use is such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a big tree and landed gently on a small tree. That big light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw him and said, \"You can jump down from a tree that high. It turned out to be a big tail help!\" The squirrel said, \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail tilted, he covered his body. It turns out that when a squirrel sleeps, it treats its big tail as a soft and warm quilt! He thought, what use is such a big tail?"}, {"nb": 1725, "data": "Salt and paprika While Mrs. Fox was sleeping, she put a salt shaker in her arms and Mr. Fox asked her what was going on. Mrs. Fox said, \"When I dreamed of eating chicken last night, I didn't bring salt, and I ate too lightly and tastelessly.\" After a while, Mrs. Fox fell asleep, and Mr. Fox quickly replaced her salt shaker with a paprika bottle. \"Soon, Mrs. Fox fell asleep, and Mr. Fox quickly replaced her salt shaker with a paprika bottle."}, {"nb": 1726, "data": "There was a little rhino in the mirror. When he saw the camel, he said, \"Humpback, Humpback!\" When he saw the giraffe, he said, \"Go and catch the sparrow!\" \"Am I ugly?\" Camel said angrily, \"If two more grow up Humps, will be even more beautiful. \"\" He is ugly! \"The giraffe was angry.\" Let him see his ugly face! \"Really, everyone really got a mirror and went to find the rhino . The little rhino came to the mirror and shouted out loud: What an ugly monster! What is on his nose? Hahaha! Everyone now knows that the little rhino is a fool who only laughs at others. The little rhino came to the mirror and shouted out loud: What an ugly monster!"}, {"nb": 1727, "data": "Overlooking the beautiful Taiwan Island from an airplane, you will find that on the vast sea surface southeast of the mainland of the motherland, a narrow island inlaid with banana-like leaves is a beautiful, rich and charming Taiwan Island. Taiwan is \"high in mountains, dense in forests, numerous in waterfalls, and strange in shore.\" Taiwan is a tropical \"mountain island\", the Yushan Mountains, known as the \"roof of Taiwan\", at an altitude of 3997 meters. The most famous is Alishan, a symbol of Taiwan's beautiful and beautiful scenery. The climate in Taiwan is mild and pleasant, and there is no winter in summer. It is suitable for the growth of various plants. Most of the land on the island is covered with verdant forests and has the reputation of being \"very delicate at sea\". There are many waterfalls in Taiwan and they are very spectacular. The hot springs are densely packed with sulphur streams, which have a high effect of healing and healing, and attract many tourists. The coast of the western plains is wide and straight, the water is clear and sandy, the sun is white and the waves are light, and the coconut trees are light. On the northern coast, there are no caves. The sea erosion landforms eroded by typhoons and waves constitute a natural wonderland with the elegant name of \"Dragon Palace at Sea\". Taiwan is really a beautiful and rich treasure island. Taiwan is a tropical \"mountain island\", the Yushan Mountains, known as the \"roof of Taiwan\", at an altitude of 3997 meters."}, {"nb": 1728, "data": "Several people who eat watermelon in Avanti want to tease Avanti, ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and them were laughing while eating watermelon. Those people secretly threw Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon peels behind Afanti, and said, \"Oh, so many melons, how many watermelons did Afanti eat! He must be so bad!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said without hesitation: \"It seems that I am not as shy as you. Why don't you even eat the melon?\" How many people want to tease Avanti when eating watermelon? Fanti eats watermelon."}, {"nb": 1729, "data": "Interesting sky Little sister stood at the window and looked up at the sky. There are several white clouds floating on the blue sky. One is like a goldfish, one is like a goat, and the other is like a white horse, and the largest one is like a white bear. The younger sister waved to them: \"Dear friends, come and dance with me, okay?\" The blue sky was fluttered with a few white clouds."}, {"nb": 1730, "data": "The fox opened a shop. The fox opened a shop and sold vinegar and cloth. The little pig was vinegarless and had little vinegar, and the little rabbit pulled the cloth too much. The little pig and small rabbit asked him to make up for it. You said that such a small shop, would you like to visit again? The little pig was vinegarless and had little vinegar, and the little rabbit pulled the cloth too much. The little pig and small rabbit asked him to make up for it."}, {"nb": 1731, "data": "Ants and elephants spend a day in the forest better than ants and elephants. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge. The squirrel said, \"Whoever you get the fruit in my hand first wins.\" The elephant's nose stretched very high and couldn't get the fruit. The ant slowly climbed up the tree and got the fruit. They went to look for the ox as the referee. The old cow said, \"Whoever runs under that tree first wins.\" The ant was slow, and the elephant arrived all at once. When a little bear saw it, he said, \"Whoever goes to the tree near the river to pick fruit, even if he wins.\" The elephant arrived at once, but the ant finally reached the river, and could not cross the river, the elephant No fruit. So the ants said, \"Let us work together to pick the fruit.\" The elephant thought for a while and thought, \"This is also good.\" Finally, they worked together and finally picked the fruit. The bear said, \"Your skills are great, but together they are even bigger.\" The ant and the elephant smiled embarrassedly. When they saw the squirrel on the tree, they called it a judge."}, {"nb": 1732, "data": "It 's so fun by the lotus pond. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond was covered with lotus leaves and filled with lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaves, like a green umbrella that is spread out, are shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond most. Hidden in a large water basin, use your hands to paddle and paddle, sway, sway into the lotus, hide under the lotus leaf in the wind, and listen to the frog howling. It's raining, the rain hits the lotus leaves, and it clicks, like an \"umbrella\" that really rests on our heads! The pink lotus is more beautiful than any other flower. It grows in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dresses the small pond so beautifully!"}, {"nb": 1733, "data": "Spring water is dripped little by little on a large stone. Stone said to the spring, \"You weak, don't touch me!\" Spring said, \"Do you say I'm weak? I want to make a hole in your body!\" Stone said with a smile: \"You really have Such a great skill? Then come and fight. \"Quan Shui said,\" Okay! Look at it! \"It dripped little by little, dripped year after year, and after many years, really hit the stone A hole. The stone said to the spring, \"You weak thing, don't touch me!"}, {"nb": 1734, "data": "Where did the father-in-law go when it rained? The most change in the sky is the cloud. Sometimes it goes west, sometimes eastward; sometimes it looks good one by one, sometimes it can't find any shadows; sometimes a thin layer, like wearing a transparent gauze, sometimes black It was thick and covered the sky. When it rains, the clouds are thick and thick. Where does the father-in-law go to hide from the rain? At this time, if you get on an airplane and pass through the thick clouds, you will see that the sun is still shining on the clouds. It turns out that the father-in-law of the sun did not go to hide from the rain, but was blocked by the clouds! When it rains, the clouds are thick and thick. Where does the father-in-law go to hide from the rain?"}, {"nb": 1735, "data": "A horse lost its way in the desert. In the evening, the pony was tired and he thought, \"If there is a drink of water, what a great thing!\" Just then, it saw not far away, and there were some bright flowers on the stones. The pony rolled up a flower with his tongue, how sweet this flower is! \"That 's all right!\" The little horse cried happily, and ate all the flowers. The next day, the pony finally returned to his mother. The pony told her story to her mother and told her that she walked back because she ate the flowers that bloomed on the stones. The mother said with a smile: \"Child, that's not a stone, it's a plant called a lithophyllum.\" \"That's the case!\" The pony understood. \"The little horse called out happily and ate all the flowers."}, {"nb": 1736, "data": "The small tree came through the winter, and the northwest wind was blowing, and we put on a cotton coat. Dad said: \"We are cold, and the little tree is cold too. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then tied it carefully one by one with a rope. Looking at the small tree in front of me, I said happily, \"The small tree is not afraid of wind and rain when it is in winter clothes.\" Dad said, \"We are cold, and the small tree is cold. We should help the small tree to survive the winter safely.\""}, {"nb": 1737, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are in bloom. How beautiful the flower blooms, people take pictures of it. The flowers bloomed, how fragrant, the bees circled around it. The flowers laughed, but the flowers were happy! The flower laughed, and a flower became proud. It doesn't look at the green leaves around it. It feels that the leaves are ordinary. No one looks at it. It's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, this flower fell from the tree and left the green leaves as soon as it was hardened. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers can bear fruit. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again."}, {"nb": 1738, "data": "The earliest locomotive was a steam locomotive. Later, people put the internal combustion engine on the train to make a diesel locomotive. Later, electric power trains and maglev trains were invented. Such a train is fast and has little pollution. It is really a \"green\" train. Such a train is fast and has little pollution. It is really a \"green\" train."}, {"nb": 1739, "data": "A horse lost its way in the desert. In the evening, the pony was tired and he thought, \"If there is a drink of water, what a great thing!\" Just then, it saw not far away, and there were some bright flowers on the stones. The pony rolled up a flower with his tongue, how sweet this flower is! \"That 's all right!\" The little horse cried happily, and ate all the flowers. The next day, the pony finally returned to his mother. The pony told her story to her mother and told her that she walked back because she ate the flowers that bloomed on the stones. The mother said with a smile: \"Child, that's not a stone, it's a plant called a lithophyllum.\" \"That's the case!\" The pony understood. The pony rolled up a flower with his tongue, how sweet this flower is!"}, {"nb": 1740, "data": "Little Monkey plans to make a new dress for himself. He asked Uncle Elephant: \"How much cloth do I need to make a suit?\" Uncle Elephant said, \"I think it's five feet at least.\" The little monkey didn't believe it, and asked Uncle Squirrel again. Uncle Squirrel said, \"I think five inches is enough.\" Who is right? The monkey was in a dilemma and decided to ask Aunt Goat. Aunt Goat weighed the monkey with a ruler and said, \"Not five feet, nor five inches, but five feet.\" The monkey bought a five-foot cloth and asked the goat Aunt helped him do it. The new clothes are ready. The little monkey put on the new clothes and came to the lake to take a picture. Ah, what a fit! \"The monkey bought a five-foot cloth and asked Aunt Goat to help him make it."}, {"nb": 1741, "data": "Watching the lanterns is the Lantern Festival today. After dinner, I followed my mother to the street to watch the lights. Along the way, all kinds of small lanterns are dizzying. Look, the colorful lights are as colorful as the little stars blinking and blinking. The white jade lights are even more striking. They rise into the sky like the moon in the sky and brighten the road. The colorful neon lights are bright and colorful, and the pedestrian street is beautifully decorated. What impressed me most was the lamps under several big trees. At the beginning, I was still thinking, it is still early spring. Why are the leaves on these big trees so green? Take a closer look and see that the light under the tree is green. The lights, green and green, were reflected on the big trees, and the leaves of the trees immediately became green, like a layer of jade. What impressed me most was the lamps under several big trees."}, {"nb": 1742, "data": "In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said, \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm laughed suddenly, \"Huh! You also think of the top of the wall Go up? Do n\u2019t imagine it! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep. The earthworm woke up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turned out that the snail had already climbed to the top of the wall. \"The snail said,\" I will go to the top of the wall and see what is far away."}, {"nb": 1743, "data": "Some time ago, my father bought me a golden bear. The golden bear has beautiful ears, a round nose, and thick fluff. It looks very cute. My brother and I often feed it, sometimes it feeds cabbage, sometimes it feeds rapeseed, and sometimes it feeds peanuts. It tastes delicious. One day, the golden bear bit the big cardboard box it lived in and escaped. We are in a hurry, looking for it everywhere. It was really interesting to catch it under the kitchen cabinet. One day, the golden bear bit the big cardboard box it lived in and escaped."}, {"nb": 1744, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the air, he invented the plane. Dolphins are swimmers, and submarines are built exactly like it. The pigeon 's eyes can tell whether the enemy is a friend or a friend, and artificial monitors can also monitor aircraft and missiles. The dog's nose is the best. People have created an electronic nose that can check whether the underground gas pipeline is leaking. The dog's nose is the best. People have created an electronic nose that can check whether the underground gas pipeline is leaking."}, {"nb": 1745, "data": "The brave little rooster The little rooster comes to the grass with his mother every day. When he meets other little animals and bullies other chicks, he always rushes up bravely. One day a ferocious eagle flew over the grass. The mother chicken told the chicks to hide in the grass. The little cock wanted to rush up and drive away the eagle, and the mother chicken grabbed him. The little cock said to his mother with dissatisfaction: \"I've grown up, I can drive the eagle away.\" The mother chicken said to him, \"A person's ability is limited, and being brave is not enough. Dealing with the eagle, hard No way, it's also a good way to avoid him. \"The little cock said to his mother with dissatisfaction,\" I've grown up, I can drive the eagle away."}, {"nb": 1746, "data": "My puppy must write about our puppy first, it \u2019s called \u201cPrince\u201d, it \u2019s the most beautiful and furry dog \u200b\u200bin our village, it \u2019s like a naughty boy, it can do everything, it runs It's so fast that I can't keep up with it. But \"the prince\" is very good, it is always waiting for me. \"The prince\" still laughs, but I have never seen him cry. I taught it how to read characters, but it didn't even learn a single letter, but it was quite classy. When I taught him to pronounce the word \"dog\", it barked most happily. It must be thinking, this is itself! \"Prince\" can still count, but only a total of two. It also hums and barks. \"What are you doing?\" I asked it as it hummed in front of me. \"Prince\" \"Wang\" shouted and shook his head to indicate that he wanted to go out. \"What else do you want now?\" I asked it as we stepped out of the yard. \"Prince\" called \"Wang\" again and ran towards the railway. \"You should finish it once!\" I ran behind it while being angry because I wanted to go there too. I even know what \"Prince\" wants to do there. It likes to run against the train. Every time it loses, it never cares. Whenever a new train starts, the \"prince\" thinks he can run and win it. When he couldn't run, he barked a few times. I don't know if it allowed the train to leave, or scolded the train. I couldn't tell the difference. I don't know if it allowed the train to leave, or scolded the train. I couldn't tell the difference."}, {"nb": 1747, "data": "A deer and a lion are beside the clear spring, and a deer is bowing its head to drink water. The water surface is like a mirror, which clearly reflects the figure of a deer. The deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This was his most proud place. Look again at the two thin legs on the water surface, supporting the body weakly, and the deer can't help but feel discouraged. Lu Zhengsi froze, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run away. His thin legs ran light and flexible, leaving the lion far behind. The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but the two thick legs were powerless, and he could only watch the deer escape and watch. Due to panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches in the jungle tripped the two high horns of the deer. The deer was desperately struggling, but still couldn't get rid of it, instead it made a loud noise. The lion came after him from behind. The lion darted at the deer and caught it. Deer said before dying: \"What I thought didn't look good saved me, but what I trusted so much killed me.\" The lion desperately wanted to catch up, but his two thick legs were powerless, and he could only keep his eyes open. Watching the deer run away."}, {"nb": 1748, "data": "Ding Yi writes in small letters. It is not good to write to write. \"By the way, it 's my paper that is not good!\" He used his sister' s paper to write. He writes on his sister 's paper. \"By the way, it is my pen that is not good!\" He used his sister 's pen to write. He writes on his sister's paper and sister's pen. Writing to write is not good. \"By the way, my seat is not good!\" He sat in his sister 's seat and wrote. He used his sister's paper and sister's pen to write on his sister's seat. \"What else is wrong with me?\" My sister picked up Ding Yixiao's discarded paper, picked up Ding Yixiao's lost pen, and sat on Ding Yixiao's seat. He was motionless and wrote carefully. . See, how good she writes! Ding Yixiao understood: \"It's not my paper, my pen, my seat is bad, it's my own bad.\" Like his sister, he was motionless and seriously Pen to write. Look, the words he wrote are all right. \"By the way, my paper is bad!"}, {"nb": 1749, "data": "The piglet is going to the market. The piglet is going to elementary school. The pig mother promised the piglet to buy a beautiful feather and make it a quill. Little pigs wait, wait, wait, finally wait until Friday-Forest Fair Day. The little pig followed the mother pig to the bazaar. It was so lively here! Aunt Niu's stall was filled with milk, yogurt, orange juice ... Sister Squirrel's stall was filled with almonds, walnuts, hazelnuts ... Brother Monkey's stall was filled with peaches, bananas, and pears ... Piggy looked at the big market The variety of goods in it is worrying. Who should I look for to buy beautiful feathers? The piglet is going to the market. The piglet is going to elementary school. The pig mother promised the piglet to buy a beautiful feather and make it a quill."}, {"nb": 1750, "data": "There are many wonderful plants in the world. Plants can eat bugs. In summer, a kind of pink grass is often seen in swamps. This is the felt moss that can catch flying insects. There are more than 200 small villi on the leaves of Felt Moss. These small villi can secrete a very viscous liquid. This viscous liquid also contains a very sweet taste and aroma. When the small insects smell this odor, Hurrying to fly, once it falls on its leaves, it will be firmly stuck. After 1 to 2 hours, the worms are digested and absorbed by the leaves. Plants also listen to music. An Indian scientist often likes playing the violin in the garden and playing a symphony. As time went by, he found that the flowers and trees in his garden grew extraordinarily lush. So he began to formally test rice. He plays a 25-minute symphony in a paddy field every day. One month later, it was found that the rice in this field grew more lush than the same rice that had not heard music, with an average plant height of more than 30 cm. In addition, there are potato vines that predict earthquakes, water hyacinths that can purify water, and lacquer trees that can \"bit people\" ... So, he began to officially test rice."}, {"nb": 1751, "data": "Wind child Wind child running around looking for work. Running and running, he saw a sailing boat on the water surface, and the wind child strove to the sail. Blow and blow, the child pushes the boat and walks fast. The people on the boat praised him: \"It's really windy!\" Run and run, he saw a shelf like a small tower with several large blades on it. The wind child strove to the blade. Blow and blow, the wind pushes the blades so fast. People under the small tower praised him: \"It's really good wind, our wind generator has generated electricity.\" Yes, the children who didn't find a job ran around, blowing dust and smashing your eyes. But what a cute child with a job to do! Can you find a job for the wind child? Wind child Wind child running around looking for work."}, {"nb": 1752, "data": "The plane is flying so high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on their bodies opened. The color of the umbrella bag, red, yellow, blue, and green, is so beautiful! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane."}, {"nb": 1753, "data": "Girl and mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a flower skirt and pigtails, facing the big mirror and asking, \"What am I like?\" On the willow outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Alas, his face looks like a flower! \"Xiaohua laughed. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow stepped in and said, \"Well, his face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard and cried. When I saw her, she smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, don't like to listen to the good news of magpies, and don't be afraid to listen to the bad news of the crow. On the poplar, a black crow interjected and said, \"Oh, my face is like a melon!\""}, {"nb": 1754, "data": "Father Sun had a cold one morning in the winter and Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew it, she quickly ran to the animal radio station and broadcasted it loudly: \"The father-in-law of the sun has a cold! Who has a prescription for colds? Please hurry up to send it-\" The first squirrel heard, he was anxious, and quickly got a red Take the leather hat. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time, and his mother made him a ginger soup to drink and healed the cold. So he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox knew it too, and he was busy holding a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. The father-in-sun put on a hat and a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily again, and his face slowly turned red. \"My father-in-law is ill! Father-in-law is ill!\" The little squirrel, the little black pig and the little fox, cried and jumped happily, and kept clapping their hands ... The father-in-law of the sun put on his hat and put on a scarf, After drinking ginger soup, he sneezed heavily again, his face slowly turning red."}, {"nb": 1755, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, it's so useful! The scale is the \"bone\" of the fish exposed outside the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor, which has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent bacteria in the water from attacking it. The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter. Fish scales grow slower and darker in the winter; fish scales grow faster and lighter in the summer. The shapes of fish scales are also different. They are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped! The scales on the back and abdomen are not the same. The back is darker and the abdomen is lighter."}, {"nb": 1756, "data": "A hand of gratitude On Thanksgiving Day, a first-grade teacher asked the classmates to draw something they were grateful for. Most of these children are from poor families, so she expected that most of them would draw a table of hearty Thanksgiving dishes. But when she saw Douglas's work, she was amazed. A hand was drawn on it! Whose hand is this? Classmates in the class are eager to guess: \"This must be the hand of God who has given us food,\" said a child. \"It's the farmer's. He fed the turkey with this hand.\" Another child continued. After a while of guessing, the students returned to their positions and continued to draw. Then the teacher came to Douglas and bent down to ask his hand. \"That's your hand, teacher.\" He answered timidly. Douglas was short and unpleasant, but the teacher would always take his hand when he was out of class. She often shakes her classmates' hands like this, and everyone is accustomed to it, but this is of great significance to Douglas. Maybe the meaning of Thanksgiving is not to accept gifts, but to take the opportunity to thank others for their contributions, no matter how small they are. Then the teacher came to Douglas and bent down to ask his hand."}, {"nb": 1757, "data": "Father of the hippocampus Father of the hippocampus and mother of the hippocampus are about to have children. The hippocampus father has a large childcare bag on the belly wall. The mother of the hippocampus lays the young eggs in the childcare bag of the father of the hippocampus. After the little seahorse grew up, he left his father 's nursery bag and played happily on the colorful sea floor. The hippocampus father has a large childcare bag on the belly wall. The mother of the hippocampus lays the young eggs in the childcare bag of the father of the hippocampus."}, {"nb": 1758, "data": "Fun at the Beach By this time, there were already many people on the beach. Some of them caught crabs, some caught sea fish, some picked shells ... I touched it in the sea, hey, a little starfish was caught by me! Hey, a little friend over there is looking down for something. I walked over and wanted to see what happened. The little friend just kept talking and kept silent. It turned out that a crab flees unwillingly and flees eastward. Suddenly, the little friend cried out, \"Oh,\" it turned out that the crab caught his hand with a large stalk. Hey, why are my feet also itchy? Look down, oh, it turns out that a prawn is teasing me! It is swaying two long beards, like a military general on the stage. I stretched out my hand gently and squeezed it. The general became my captive, and I was no longer mad. Suddenly, the little friend cried out, \"Oh,\" it turned out that the crab caught his hand with a large stalk."}, {"nb": 1759, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists."}, {"nb": 1760, "data": "The first big apple and the little bear's apple were ripe. He invited a friend to taste it. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat first? The little deer said, \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Give me this big apple.\" The little monkey said, \"In the winter, I pass the thick straw clothes to the fruit trees. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Give me this big apple. \"What should I do? The little bear's eyes turned, and the apple was cut into six pieces. He picked the two largest pieces and gave them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understand: You must first think of your elders when eating, and sharing happiness is the happiest one. The first big apple and the little bear's apple were ripe. He invited a friend to taste it."}, {"nb": 1761, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, and the mother said, \"The sun is round and red.\" The little rabbit pointed at two red, round lanterns and asked, \"Is this the sun?\" The mother said, \"This is a lantern The sun is outside the house! \"The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed to three round, red radishes and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"The mother replied,\" This is a radish, and the sun is in the sky! \"Xiao The rabbit raised his head and pointed at the red, round balloon floating in the sky and asked, \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon. The sun will shine, you see ...\" I found the sun in the direction of my mother's finger. The little rabbit shouted loudly, \"I found it! The sun is red and round, shining on my body.\" There is a cute little rabbit who is looking for the sun."}, {"nb": 1762, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest gave me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, which is a white cloud. The blue sky called for me to use white clouds as wings and turn into a flying white dove ... the sea gave me a blue greeting card, which was a blue shell. The sea told me to turn the shell into a boat, and to face the wind and waves, harvest the treasure ... The sun sent me a red greeting card, which was the red glow of twinkles. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland! The sea gave me a blue greeting card. It was a blue shell."}, {"nb": 1763, "data": "Little solar system There is a little solar system in my family. Of course, the little sun is me! Everyone turned around me. Venus' father has very strict requirements for my studies, and I never miss a typo. Mother Mercury cares about me in life, and the weather suddenly gets cold. She sends her clothes to school for me to wear; Grandpa is the most respected and most afraid of me Person, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars hurts me most and loves me, she is still my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up at school every day at noon; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Neptune \u5a76\u5a76 often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little Pluto sister-well, is my happy little friend. How happy and happy I am to live in this solar system! How happy and happy I am to live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 1764, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and so sweet ...\" The little monkey slipped out of the classroom and ran to the wild without listening. what ! The apples on the tree are red, so go pick a big mouthful and eat it, it's so sweet! When he saw that the peaches were big and red again, he went to pick them, and the peaches were sweet and thirsty. He thinks the teacher is right, the red fruits are all sweet. As he walked, he saw a patch of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like little lanterns, which made people love. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The hot little monkey was sweating. He desperately ran back to school and asked the teacher, \"Why isn't this red fruit sweet?\" The teacher said, \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished talking yet, why did you run away? The little monkey listened, and bowed his head in embarrassment. Since then, the little monkey has studied very hard and has become a good student. As he walked, he saw a patch of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like little lanterns, which made people love."}, {"nb": 1765, "data": "A white jade rabbit lives in the jade rabbit and its wish moon palace. It has a wish: want to make the moon like the earth, there are all kinds of animals. One day, he sneaked out of the moon palace, drove his little spaceship to a meadow, and saw bees and butterflies. \"Little bee, little butterfly, let me take you to the Moon Palace to play!\" Yutu said to them with a wave of hands. The jade rabbit brought the bees and butterflies to the moon, but there was no air or gravity on the moon, and there was no way for the bees and butterflies to live here. Yutu had to send them back. It seems that its wish has not been fulfilled yet. Children, now we must learn the knowledge well, when we grow up, we can help Yutu realize his wish! The jade rabbit brought the bees and butterflies to the moon, but there was no air and no gravity on the moon, and there was no way for the little bees and butterflies to live here."}, {"nb": 1766, "data": "The more you look at the more you look in the garden, the winter melon lies on the ground, and the eggplant hangs on a branch. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden to see what is the difference between the melon and the eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and said, \"Mom, mom, the melon is big, eggplant It's small! \"Said the mother of the swallow,\" Yes. But, can you go and see again, what's the difference? \"The little swallow flew again, and said,\" Mom, mom, the melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Swallow's mother nodded and said,\" Very good. But can you take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again, and yelled happily when she returned. : \"Mom, Mom, I found that the skin of winter melon has fine hair, and the eggplant has small spines on it!\" Swallow mother smiled happily: \"This child is getting better and better every time.\" The little swallow flew away again And shouted happily when he came back, \" Mom, mom, I found that the skin of winter melon has fine hair, and the handle of eggplant has small spines!"}, {"nb": 1767, "data": "In my painting classroom there is a \"small grass green\" garden. This is the poster for our class. The teacher said that the pictures and diaries in the posters were like small grasses, and they would thrive. I drew pictures for our posters and added a little green to \"Little Grass Green\". When I paint the sun, flowers and trees cannot be separated from the sun, so that the grass here grows more lush. I draw the woods again. The woods can block the wind and sand, and the air will become fresher. I will draw a modern garbage cleaning station to clean up the garbage and create a more beautiful environment. Do you say that I paint these paintings beautifully? I will draw a modern garbage cleaning station to clean up the garbage and create a more beautiful environment."}, {"nb": 1768, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag."}, {"nb": 1769, "data": "The small waterdrop said, \"The lotus leaf is my cradle.\" The small waterdrop lay on the lotus leaf, and blinked bright eyes. The small dragonfly said, \"The lotus leaf is my apron.\" The small dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf, spreading its wide wings. The little frog said, \"The lotus leaf is my song stand.\" The little frog squatted on the lotus leaf and sang loudly. The child said, \"The lotus leaf is my cool hat.\" The child put on the lotus leaf, smiling and rosy, hiding under the green, slick lotus leaf, which is even more beautiful than the lotus flower! The little frog said, \"The lotus leaf is my song platform."}, {"nb": 1770, "data": "When the fox came and saw a peel on the ground, he wanted to kick the peel aside, and thought again, don't make my red shoes dirty, and walk away from the peel. When the little white rabbit came and saw a peel on the ground, she picked up the peel and threw it into the trash can. When the little white rabbit came and saw a peel on the ground, she picked up the peel and threw it into the trash can."}, {"nb": 1771, "data": "Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true. But without me, you are not.\" Hong didn't believe it, but she was even more proud. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun."}, {"nb": 1772, "data": "Today is World Environmental Protection Day. The students formed a voluntary cleaning team. The teacher led us to the beach next to the school to pick up trash. We prepared large garbage bags, kegs and gloves and set off towards the rising sun. When we reached the beach, we found out that the place was no longer neat and odors were emitted. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach. We put on our gloves, each carrying a small bucket, and immediately went into battle. We put the garbage in a small bucket first, and after the small bucket is full, we dump it into a large garbage bag. With our efforts, there is no litter on the beach, and it has returned to its original beautiful appearance. We all laughed happily. There are many plastic bags, empty plastic bottles, discarded tableware, and waste paper on the beach."}, {"nb": 1773, "data": "Cats are good at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, it can turn around, and it can recognize even the smallest sound in time. The cat has bright eyes and the sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The cat 's beard is like a ruler and can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws that can climb trees, jump over walls, and hunt mice. Cats are good at catching mice."}, {"nb": 1774, "data": "Little brazilian dog that loves bragging Once there was a little brazilian dog that loved bragging very much. One day, the little schnauzer was playing on the mountain and met a wolf howling a rabbit. The wolf thought it was a hunting dog following the hunter, and was so frightened that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. The little dog went home with the rabbit in his arms, and said to his friends, \"Look, I have caught a rabbit!\" On this day, the little dog went up to the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle just happened to be in front of it, so the little flower dog walked home with the eagle, and said to his friend, \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, the little flower dog went up again to play, and suddenly the jungle came out A big tiger, a little flower dog desperately ran away, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he ran to the cliff, the tiger stumbled, fell off the cliff, and died. The little flower dog was so scared that it was gone, not yet I forgot to say to my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" A few days later, the little dog was playing on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion ran towards it. Little flower The dog ran away in fright, and accidentally fell into the mud pit and yelled for help. The big lion said to it, \"I heard you are going to kill me, aren't you?\" The little flower dog said, \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed in white horse, and other friends also Stepped out of the bush. The little brazilian dog who loves bragging lowered his head. After a few days, the little flower dog went uphill to play again. Suddenly a big tiger emerged from the jungle. The little flower dog desperately escaped, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger stumbled and fell. I fell to the bottom of the cliff, and the little flower dog was so scared that I was gone. I still told my friend, \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion for you.\""}, {"nb": 1775, "data": "Wedding invitations, children's couplets, whenever the New Year, your family must paste the Spring Couplets, right? Do you know about Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring couplet\" is also called \"coupling\", \"pair\", and \"gate pair\". It is a unique literary form of our country that depicts the background of the times with neat, concise, and exquisite text. Every Spring Festival, no matter in the city or in the countryside, every household must choose a pair of red couplets to stick on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of the Spring Festival on the Spring Festival began in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of spring couplets. Depending on the place where they are used, they can be divided into door cores, frame pairs, horizontal piers, spring strips, buckets, etc. \"Door core\" is affixed to the center of the door panel; \"Frame pair\" is affixed to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal drape\" is affixed to the crossbar of the lintel; \"Spring bar\" is affixed to the corresponding place according to different contents; \" The \"bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", it is a square rhombus, and it is mostly stuck in furniture and shadow walls. There are many types of spring couplets. Depending on the place where they are used, they can be divided into door cores, frame pairs, horizontal piers, spring strips, buckets, etc."}, {"nb": 1776, "data": "The kettle that I can call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will make a whistle, as if shouting: \"Water is boiling! Water is boiling!\" Why is it called? After careful observation, I found that there was a whistle on its cover. When the water was boiled, the water vapour in the pot could only come out of the whistle because the lid was tight. Then the whistle rang. I thought: This kettle is simple and practical, and the person who invented it is really smart! When the water boils, it will make a whistle, as if shouting, \"The water is boiling!"}, {"nb": 1777, "data": "Big shoes swing A baby elephant is wearing four big shoes. Run and run. One of the shoes has a hole in it. The remaining three were useless, and \"thump flutter\" was thrown into the grass. Doodle bears, furry balls, and mouses play ball together on the grass. The ball rolled and rolled into the grass. The Baotou went to find it, but it was not found; the Maomao ball went to find it, but it was not found; the Dudu bear went to find it, but it was not found. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? So big and so round, there are three more. \"Whose shoes? Whose shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wanted. The Baotou put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing. It was really fun to go around. What does the doodle bear do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot and plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also came to play, and saw the bunny-wheeled mouse, the small swing of the furry ball, and the flower of the doodle bear, and opened his eyes in surprise: \"I didn't expect that my shoes could be made so much fun. Something. \"The pack mouse put four small wheels under one shoe and made a small car. It was so comfortable to sit on it."}, {"nb": 1778, "data": "Childhood question mark Childhood is a poem, childhood is a dream, childhood is a long string of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. When he saw that the water was boiling and the pot lid could not stop jumping up and down, he asked his aunt, \"Why does the pot lid dance?\" As a child, he spent the time slowly in the question mark. Later, both Newton and Watt became great scientists. There is an English boy named Newton."}, {"nb": 1779, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the highway are tall Indus trees. The sycamore branches are connected with branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green promenade. On both sides of the river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin and the willow leaves are green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees were tall and erect, and they were very leafy. Fruit trees are planted before and after the farmyard: there are plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... in the late spring and early summer, various fruit trees stretch their branches and lush, and the farmyards are covered in thick green. In. Fruit trees are planted around the farmyard: there are plum, peach, plum, and apricot trees ..."}, {"nb": 1780, "data": "The more you look at the more you look in the garden, the winter melon lies on the ground, and the eggplant hangs on a branch. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden to see what is the difference between the melon and the eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and said, \"Mom, mom, the melon is big, eggplant It's small! \"Said the mother of the swallow,\" Yes. But, can you go and see again, what's the difference? \"The little swallow flew again, and said,\" Mom, mom, the melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Swallow's mother nodded and said,\" Very good. But can you take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again, and yelled happily when she returned. : \"Mom, Mom, I found that the skin of the winter melon has fine hair, and the eggplant has small spines on it!\" Mother Swallow smiled happily: \"This child is getting better every time.\" Under the eaves, Mother Swallow asked Little Swallow : \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden Go inside and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?"}, {"nb": 1781, "data": "Big trees and little birds Little birds make nests on big trees. When the wind comes, the big tree spreads its branches to protect the bird's home. When the rain comes, the big tree unfolds its leaves to make the bird warm and comfortable. The little bird is safe and happy in the arms of the big tree. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\" When disaster strikes, Dad uses his strong chest to protect our home. I grow up healthy under Dad 's care. I said to my father, \"I am a bird on a tree, and my father is a big tree, to shield me from the wind and the rain.\""}, {"nb": 1782, "data": "Rat meeting! One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse doesn't dare to go out all day. What can we do? King Rat thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together for a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. King Mouse suggested that everyone hang a bell on the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat comes out, the mice will know. But who can hang the bell? Everyone wants to come and go. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task. Unfortunately, the mouse Mimi was killed by the cat. Since then, the mouse is even more afraid of the cat. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse doesn't dare to go out all day. What can we do?"}, {"nb": 1783, "data": "During the summer in the zoo, my dad took me to the zoo to play. There are many animals in the zoo. The most attractive is the giraffe. The giraffe has yellow spots on its body and a short tail, but its neck is long enough to reach a high place. The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher. It likes to eat fresh leaves most, you see how fragrant it is! The giraffe was poor at feeding when he was a child. When he grows up, his neck grows, and his ability to gather leaves becomes higher."}, {"nb": 1784, "data": "Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene. \"What a pity! Go help him!\" The dove hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed up the leaves, and the leaves floated to the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the pigeons for their help!\" The ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed his pigeon at the tree with a gun, but the pigeon did not know at all. At this moment the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" The hunter crooked the bullet when it hurt. The pigeon escaped, and the ant repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace. Ants give thanks In a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and his life was on New Year's Eve, and a pigeon on the tree saw the scene."}, {"nb": 1785, "data": "George and his small axe George got a small axe, and itching in his heart, he wanted to try the axe sharp but not sharp. When he ran to the garden and saw a tree, he didn't even think about it, he raised a small axe and cut the tree. After a while, Dad was back. \"Who cut down my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily. \"If I know who did it, I ...\" George lowered his head and said, \"Dad, I want to try my little axe. . \"Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He took hold of George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I would rather lose twelve cherry trees than tell you a lie.\" After a while, Dad came back."}, {"nb": 1786, "data": "White mushrooms thunder, a shower, and beautiful woods with water pearls. A big mushroom was drilled out of the green and lovely grass. The whole body of the big mushroom is white and snowy, fresh and smooth like the petals of a pear flower. The round head looks like an open umbrella, and it looks like a stand on a pillar. The golden sun shone on it, twinkling with radiance. Wow ! What a beautiful white mushroom. The praying mantis jumped up and said loudly, \"I will play a big knife under the white mushroom, and I will not get sweaty.\" The white mushroom cried, \"Don't! Don't! What do you do with a big knife that hurts me?\" Gently said, \"The white mushroom is timid, don't scare it. Practice the knife beside me!\" The praying mantis lowered its head and walked away. I ran over and shouted, \"I want to stand on the top of white mushrooms and sing. What a beautiful stage!\" White mushrooms cried, \"No, no! What do you do if you step on it?\" Qing Cao said enthusiastically: \"Come, stand on my green leaves and sing!\" \u87cb\u87c0 blinked, and left. The little ant came over and said, \"At night, I sat under the big umbrella of the white mushroom and listened to the music played by the children. The dew wouldn't wet my clothes.\" The white mushroom pouted and said, \"No Well! No one is allowed to approach me. \"Everyone looked at the white mushroom in astonishment, silent. \"The praying mantis lowered its head and walked away."}, {"nb": 1787, "data": "One day the lion and the mouse, the lion caught a mouse in the woods. The rat was very panicked. It begged bitterly and said, \"Brother Lion, please let me go! I will definitely repay you in the future.\" The lion saw the poor pair of mice, and said, \"Little thing, get out! Who wants your reward . \"Unexpectedly, one day, the lion fell into a large pit and was tied up by a rope from the hunter. The lion couldn't move, and was very anxious, but there was nothing he could do. The mouse knew about it, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\" Then, he bit the rope with his sharp teeth and rescued the lion. The lion was so touched and embarrassed that he couldn't think of the little thing it couldn't remember saved his life. The mouse knew about this, and hurried to the lion, saying, \"Brother Lion, look at this little thing to save you!\""}, {"nb": 1788, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers. Some lotus leaves in the pond are like an open umbrella, some are big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap of the lotus leaf, I saw the lotus stalks with thorns sticking up on the water. The top of the lotus stem is covered with snow-white lotus flowers. The lotus flowers are in various poses, one after another, some have already bloomed, revealing golden flower stamens and yellowish small lotus tents; some have two or three petals spread out. Lovely fairies; some are still bracted. One of the newly opened lotuses seemed shy and hid behind a large lotus leaf. The lotus flowers are in a variety of poses, one with one posture, and some are already in full bloom, exposing golden flower stamens and tender yellow small lotus;"}, {"nb": 1789, "data": "Why is it called Morning Glory? Doesn't its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunlight in the morning, you took out your light blue horn and blew up the horn. When all the flowers and plants in the field heard it, they quickly got up. You see, the rice straw in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the calamus by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to scrub its arms, and the briar also opened its petals ... The water lily in the pond also let go of the snow-white corolla. Facing the first sunlight in the morning, you took out your light blue horn and blew up the horn."}, {"nb": 1790, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad I am the \"little princess\" in the family, and my parents care for me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, for fear I was hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother was accustomed to me, for fear of being wronged. Only Dad has been ignoring me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I did an assignment that I couldn't do, as long as I asked my father, he would definitely tell me the answer. But during these days, I found out that my dad became \"lazy\" and asked no questions. Sometimes I looked at me sternly. When I asked again, he said, \"I read the book to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would feel the faint smile in my father 's eyes. Today, I encountered a problem I had never seen before, and I did not do it with all my brains. I had to ask my father, \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded, lest my father refused me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied, \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad went into the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, Dad took a book and came to my room. The book clearly stated the answer. He explained it to me carefully and told me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why Dad became \"lazy\". He used a stern, ignorant attitude to cultivate my ability to think independently and solve problems. He expressed his passionate and sincere love for children in a unique way. \"My heart pounded, lest my father would refuse me."}, {"nb": 1791, "data": "The lotus leaf came the wind and the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf on its head. The rain hit the lotus leaves, and it clicked like a drum of joy. The frogs were so happy under the lotus leaf umbrella, and they danced with joy at a happy rhythm. The little fox ran past the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog stopped him: \"Little fox, lend you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised the lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, rattling like a drum of joy. The little fox was very happy under the umbrella and danced with joy at a happy rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran past the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog stopped them: \"Little white rabbit, lend you this umbrella!\" Two little white rabbits raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, rattling like a drum of joy. The two little white rabbits and the drums of joy danced a joyous dance. The enthusiastic frogs also lent the lotus leaf umbrella to the chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leafs everywhere, there are joyous drums everywhere, and there are joyous dances everywhere. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leafs everywhere, there are joyous drums everywhere, and there are joyous dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 1792, "data": "Wedding invitations, children's couplets, whenever the New Year, your family must paste the Spring Couplets, right? Do you know about Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring couplet\" is also called \"coupling\", \"pair\", and \"gate pair\". It is a unique literary form of our country that depicts the background of the times with neat, concise, and exquisite text. Every Spring Festival, no matter in the city or in the countryside, every household must choose a pair of red couplets to stick on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of the Spring Festival on the Spring Festival began in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of spring couplets. Depending on the place where they are used, they can be divided into door cores, frame pairs, horizontal piers, spring strips, buckets, etc. \"Door core\" is affixed to the center of the door panel; \"Frame pair\" is affixed to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal drape\" is affixed to the crossbar of the lintel; \"Spring bar\" is affixed to the corresponding place according to different contents; \" The \"bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", it is a square rhombus, and it is mostly stuck in furniture and shadow walls. Do you know about Spring Festival couplets?"}, {"nb": 1793, "data": "Summer night is quiet Summer night, the moonlight shone into the courtyard. Under the big tree, an old grandfather was enjoying himself. Not far from the old man, there is a little cat. After a while, the grandfather raised his hand and holding the trunk, slowly stood up, stretched himself, and walked into the room. A child was asleep in the room, and beside the child, there was a picture that had already been drawn. In the middle is a pond; there are a few lotus flowers in the pond, which have not yet opened; a dragonfly crouched on it, with transparent wings flat; in the distance, the seedling nodded in the wind; an ancient poem was also written next to the painting: Xiao Hecai Dew-pointed sharp corners ... there are several lotuses in the pond, which have not yet opened;"}, {"nb": 1794, "data": "How can I forget the summer in my childhood? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber stands are adorned with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black potato fields are dazzling; Little flowers hang on the eggplant tree, little sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden, Tonger played the strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; I learned to sing on the weeping willow next to the vegetable garden, and the frog beat the drum rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I was in the vegetable garden with a small basket on my side The young leek was cut, and the grasshopper jumped in to invite me to join the gala; the village heard the shouting of a mother waiting for chives to make dumplings, and my little flower skirt made the butterfly fly out of the vegetable garden. I carried a small basket in the vegetable garden and cut the young leek, and the grasshopper came forward to invite me to the party;"}, {"nb": 1795, "data": "The little gecko borrowed his tail. The little gecko climbed, and climbed to the small river. He saw the fish swimming with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister, little fish, can you lend me your tail?\" The little fish said, \"No, I want to use the tail to divert water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, climbed, and climbed onto the big tree. He saw the old ox wagging his tail to eat grass under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cattle, can you lend me your tail?\" The old ox said, \"No, I want to use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old ox and climbed forward. The little gecko climbed, and climbed under the eaves. He saw swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I'm flying, I have to use the tail to grasp the direction.\" The little gecko was sad that he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled, crawled, crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing his tail. The mother said with a smile, \"Silly boy, turn around and look around.\" The little gecko turned and looked at it happily. \"I've grown a new tail!\" The little gecko told her about borrowing the tail."}, {"nb": 1796, "data": "Conditions There is a star in the sky, and no head has come out. The child has a secret that he has not told his mother yet. The child was sitting on a summer night, and the night breeze sent a sweet whisper. The child overheard one after another, and fell drunk under the high night sky. The child's eyes flashed longing, and the child's heart blossomed in the wind. The child has a lot of words to say, the child has a lot of words to say how to say. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you read the fairy tale written by your child first. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you look at the picture that the child painted yesterday. There is a star in the sky, and it has not yet reached out. The child has a secret that he has not told his mother yet. If you want to know what your child thinks, unless you read the fairy tale written by your child first."}, {"nb": 1797, "data": "One winter, Lenin was nourishing in the suburbs. He goes for a walk in the park every day. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three greyfinches on the tree: two breasts are pink, and one breast is crimson. They bounce back and forth between the branches and sing gently, which is very cute. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he stopped and looked up at the three cheerful greyfinches, and often brought them breadcrumbs and grains. One winter, Lenin was nourishing in the suburbs."}, {"nb": 1798, "data": "The playful little squirrel managed to survive the winter. In the spring, he was having fun. Singing, dancing, hide-and-seek ... Summer is here, and he is still enjoying himself. One night, the woodpecker came knocking on the door. The little squirrel was too tired to play and slept well. The woodpecker knocked on the door for a long time to wake the little squirrel. The little squirrel opened the door, and the woodpecker politely said, \"Excuse me, the rabbit asked me to drop a letter of urgency. I have to come knock on your door.\" The little squirrel thanked the woodpecker. He opened a letter stating a hundred thousand urgency with a feather in it. There was nothing in the envelope but a dead leaf in autumn. The little squirrel took a closer look. There was a small \"?\" On the right side of the dead leaves. The little squirrel blushed all the way to the neck. He couldn't help but remember the wolverine scene of borrowing food everywhere last fall and winter ... The little squirrel ripped off a half of the dead leaf with a question mark and attached it to the wall in the house. On the other half of the dead leaves, he drew a \"!\", Put it in an envelope, and inserted feathers. Please give it to the rabbit by the woodpecker. Early the next morning, the little squirrel was no longer playful, and he picked mushrooms and pine cones in the forest. He wants to store grain for the winter. \"Put it in the envelope and insert the feathers. Please give it to the bunny by the woodpecker."}, {"nb": 1799, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up, and Mother Bear took the bear to collect vegetables. They went into the field of radishes, and mother bear pulled out a big radish. The little bear will eat the leaves of radish. Mother Bear said: \"Don't eat the leaves, eat its roots, you remember, the roots of radishes are the best.\" They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, the root of cabbage is not delicious, and its leaves are delicious!\" They went into the tomato field, and the bear ate the tomato leaves. Mother Bear said, \"You remember, the tomato leaves can't be eaten, you have to eat its fruits.\" Bear said to her mother, \"Mom, I'm so glad I learned so much today!\" Mother Bear said, \"You remember The root of cabbage is not delicious, so its leaves are delicious!"}, {"nb": 1800, "data": "It was late at night, and the moon through the curtains saw a little girl sleeping on the bed, with a backpack beside it, filled with fruits and snacks. Moon said to himself: \"Tomorrow, the children will go on an outing, and they have to discuss it with the sun father, so that there will be a good weather tomorrow.\" The moon came to the window of another house and saw a little girl taking care of the sick Mother. The mother said, \"Jin Zhen, go to bed early, don't be too tired, you will go on an outing tomorrow.\" \"Mom, I don't want to go.\" \"Tomorrow I will play with everyone!\" \"But, The doctor said that your illness is not good yet! \"The moon quietly left the window and thought:\" I'll go and tell Father Lei, it's going to rain tomorrow! \"On a sunny day two days later, there were many children In line, happily walked on the outing. \"The moon came to the window of another house again and saw a little girl taking care of her sick mother."}, {"nb": 1801, "data": "The little deer who cared for his partner one day, the little white rabbit plucked mushrooms in the forest, lost his way, was anxious and scared in his heart, accidentally fell, and sprained his leg, sitting on the stone and crying. When the little deer saw it, he rushed over and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?\" Little white rabbit said, \"I accidentally sprained my leg and couldn't go home.\" Little deer Comforting the little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, where does your family live? May I take you home?\" The little white rabbit said, \"Okay, thank you.\" The little deer wiped tears for the little white rabbit, and said, \"Hurry Don't cry, see your eyes are crying red. \"Said the little deer carrying her little white rabbit and sent her home. When the little deer saw it, he hurried over and took the little white rabbit's hand and said, \"Little white rabbit, why are you crying?"}, {"nb": 1802, "data": "Planting the sun I have a beautiful wish to grow the sun when I grow up. It is enough to plant one seed, and many suns will be produced. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One in winter and one in the evening. At that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright. It is enough to plant one seed, and many suns will be produced."}, {"nb": 1803, "data": "My favorite is rose flowers. The rose flower has a thin and very long stem with many small hard thorns on it. If you touch it, it will pierce you fiercely. The leaves of rose flowers are oval with many small teeth on the side. The most beautiful are the rose flowers in many colors, red, white, and yellow. Flowers of all colors are very beautiful when they bloom. My favorite is rose flowers."}, {"nb": 1804, "data": "The ants were saved and the sky slowly darkened. The little ants were still playing on the grass. He said to himself: \"It's going to rain, I have to run home.\" After that, he ran to his house, but the wind was too strong, and the little ant was blown into the river at once, he wow Crying, terrified. Fortunately, there was a leaf floating on the river, so he quickly climbed up the leaf. But the naughty Fenger came to make trouble again ... The little ant was swayed by the wind. At this moment, Sister Butterfly flew up and reached out to help, she said, \"Little ant, climb up quickly, I Bring it home for you. \"After speaking, the little ant jumped to the back of the butterfly. The butterfly spread its wings in the wind and flew up and down. After a while, I sent the little ants home. The parents of the little ant said, \"You are such a good butterfly!\" Fortunately, a leaf floated on the river, so he quickly climbed on this leaf."}, {"nb": 1805, "data": "The sky was clothed in black, and the earth was sprinkled with silver moonlight. Dewdrop mother is worried. Where can I find so many small beds for my babies? Petal said, \"Sleep in my house. My bed is fragrant.\" Ye Zier said, sleep in my house, my bed is shaking again and again. The spider said, sleep in my house, my bed has springs. But I still have the youngest baby who has nowhere to sleep. Cao Jianer said, \"Sleep in my house. I happen to have a single bed.\" That night, all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because they were worried that the baby would fall down, and the grass tipper would stay until dawn. That night, all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because they were worried that the baby would fall down, and the grass tipper would stay until dawn."}, {"nb": 1806, "data": "In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said, \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm laughed suddenly, \"Huh! You also think of the top of the wall Go up? Do n\u2019t imagine it! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep. The earthworm woke up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turned out that the snail had already climbed to the top of the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep."}, {"nb": 1807, "data": "A spider is weaving a web. It had just been woven a few times and a strong wind blew off the wire. The spider weaved again, just half of it, and a shower of rain hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry and weaved again, but a hailstone broke the web again. The spider was not discouraged, and weaved again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving\u2014a large, strong net. The spider happily sat in the middle of the web and caught the pests flying around. The spider happily sat in the middle of the web and caught the pests flying around."}, {"nb": 1808, "data": "Once upon a time, there was a little ant who wanted to cross the river, but there was no bridge or boat. What should I do? It thought about it and finally came up with a good way. One day, the little ant came to the river, climbed under a big tree not far from the river, and saw the leaves on the tree were very big. He thought, \"How can I get the leaves down?\" At this moment, a squirrel shouted on the tree: \"Little ant, what are you standing under the tree?\" The ant hurriedly looked up, and it turned out to be a squirrel. It was so happy that he yelled, \"Brother Squirrel, can you pick a leaf for me?\" The squirrel was willing to help others, so she picked a large, thick leaf and threw it away. The little ant said happily, \"Thank you, Brother Squirrel.\" The little ant dragged this large and thick leaf, and it took the power of nine tigers and two tigers to drag the leaf to the river. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and took himself on a boat made of leaves as if he was swinging slowly. That day happened to be a good wind, and after a while, the boat swayed across the river. In this way, the little ant crossed the river in peace. The little ant was willing to use his brain and was praised by the little friends. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and took himself on a boat made of leaves as if he was swinging slowly."}, {"nb": 1809, "data": "Amazing paper bridge Can paper also make bridges? can also . But that is not the paper we usually see, but a new type of paper mixed with wire fibers. This kind of paper is extremely strong. A sheet of paper 30 centimeters thick can be folded up to withstand a pressure of 420 kg. In the United States, scientists used this paper to create a paper bridge that is rare in the world. The paper bridge is 15 meters long and 3 meters wide. You don't think this is for viewing. The bridge can pass two or three ton cars! But that is not the paper we usually see, but a new type of paper mixed with wire fibers."}, {"nb": 1810, "data": "An artificial satellite is a satellite built according to people 's needs. It has several abilities. Communication satellites can broadcast daily TV news programs. Navigation satellites can determine the direction of navigation. There is also a type of meteorological satellite that can take pictures of meteorological clouds on the earth, allowing localities to make accurate weather forecasts. There is also a type of meteorological satellite that can take pictures of meteorological clouds on the earth, allowing localities to make accurate weather forecasts."}, {"nb": 1811, "data": "The green villain book The green villain book; The little tree is green, the little tree is a happy little man book, and the bird reads with its head crooked; The most beautiful words are written on each green leaf, and the most beautiful patterns are painted The bird's reading sound is crisp and beautiful, flying into the depths of the mountains ...; bird, bird, what do you write and draw in the book? Yes No Andersen Fairy? Are there four masterpieces and novels? Little bird, can you tell me? I climbed up to the trunk barefoot, but the bird flew away and flew to another tree; the grove of spring is a little man's book that the birds can't read and can't read ... The grove of spring is small Birds can't read and read endlessly ..."}, {"nb": 1812, "data": "Spring is here and winter is over, and the breeze quietly brings spring. The soil in the ground was frozen and became loose, stepping on it softly, like stepping on a thick carpet. The wheat seedlings woke up and stretched their tender green leaves. There is not even a thin piece of ice in the stream. Water is flowing slowly. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled like fish scales, and a few ducks jumped into the water, swimming happily. On the bank of the river, the willows sprouted, and the soft branches swayed gently in the breeze. A frog emerged from the hole and crawled slowly by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and quietly listened to the pupils reading and singing. It came to the playground and happily played games with the pupils. spring is coming ."}, {"nb": 1813, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am \"It won't be hit.\" The merchant asked the blind man strangely, \"Why do you hit a lantern?\""}, {"nb": 1814, "data": "Home like picking up some fallen leaves in the suburbs. After returning home, home is like a collage of fallen leaves into a beautiful picture. Dad said, \"I never thought that if you were so young, you would know how to use waste.\" Jiaru asked, \"What is waste?\" Dad said, \"Waste is the uselessness of things that are useful again. . For example: old newspapers, soda cans, glass bottles, etc. can make fun and useful things again. \"Jiaru said,\" Waste use is very meaningful! We must support environmental protection and support waste use. Dad, please teach me quickly Do it! \"Dad said,\" Let's make a beautiful vase together. You go and prepare old newspapers, glue, color materials and soda cans. \"Dad said,\" I never thought that if you were so young, you would know waste. use."}, {"nb": 1815, "data": "Dad is a big tree, and mom is a big tree. I am a happy bird, flying between two big trees. I am a happy bird, flying between two big trees."}, {"nb": 1816, "data": "The river and the sea rose for a day, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and thought he was amazing. He swam proudly into the sea, but he couldn't see the shore. He said, \"Ah, I thought I was big, and the sea was bigger than mine!\" The sea heard it, and said to him with a smile, \"Yeah! I am much bigger than you. But, if there are no countless rivers flowing to I'm here, I won't be so big! \"Xiaohe listened, admiring the sea even more. Xiaohe was secretly happy and thought he was amazing."}, {"nb": 1817, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice-catching expert rice paddy, which read: \"The insect-catching expert: frogs, toads.\" The frog was angry at first glance: \"Toad, isn't it the toad that children hate? What kind of insect-catching expert?\" The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you've been by the field all day. Who do you say will catch bugs? Why is the toad on the glory list also a bug catcher? I work hard every day to catch bugs. I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile:\" You catch worms during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the haystack. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's night shift!\" Toad started catching worms, catching one after another. When the frog looked at it, it became clear that it had mistaken Toad by itself, and the frog lowered its head in embarrassment. An honor catcher hangs beside the rice field, which reads, \"An insect catcher: frogs, toads."}, {"nb": 1818, "data": "In the morning, the sun was shining on the balcony. My mother was quilting her grandma. Xiaofeng asked her mother, \"Grandma's quilt is not wet at all. Why do you want to dry it?\" \"The quilt has been exposed, and it will be warmer if the grandmother covers it,\" said his mother. Xiaofeng asked her mother, \"Grandma's quilt is not wet at all. Why do you want to dry it?\""}, {"nb": 1819, "data": "Seeing the animals knowing the weather The changing weather directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather changes and be prepared in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, as the humidity in the air increased, the water absorbed by the soil increased greatly, so the ant nests built in the soil became humid. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain turned clear, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared on the stamens of the plants, and the bees went out to collect nectar. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain."}, {"nb": 1820, "data": "Little \"Jimmy\" I like to walk. I have eaten dinner every day. I love to walk at my doorstep. Every time I take a walk recently, I always see a little white and white dog. The owner often calls it \"Jimmy\". The little \"Jimmy\" has aura. Every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I saw an old friend, playfully turn around me, and often raise my front paw to say hello to me. As long as I squat down and gently stroke its soft fine hairs, it will lie there motionlessly and look so docile. Little \"Jimmy\" When he heard the master 's shout, he would immediately jump up and return obediently to the master. I have always loved dogs, but since I met the little \"Jimmy\", I really want to own such a little dog too! Little \"Jimmy\" When he heard the master 's shout, he would immediately jump up and return obediently to the master."}, {"nb": 1821, "data": "Wealth, happiness and love In a small village, a poor farmer lives. He lives in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but is also self-sufficient. At noon one knocked outside the door. The peasant opened the door and saw that three old men were standing outside the door. The farmers quickly asked them to come in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said: \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, the person on the right is love. You can choose one person to go in. This person can make you like him. For example, if you ask for wealth to come in, you will not spend it \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should please be happy to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should ask for wealth to come in, we are really too poor The farmer \u2019s daughter said, \u201cFather and mother, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!\u201d The farmer and the farmer \u2019s wife said, \u201c The daughter was right. Let \u2019s invite love to come in. \u201dSo, they said to love,\u201c We \u200b\u200bhave decided, please come in. \u201dThen, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old men of wealth and happiness also followed. The farmer was puzzled, and asked, \"Two, I only ask for love to come in! How can you ...?\" Wealth and happiness said: \"Where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\" The farmer's daughter said \"Mom and Dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we would not have been together for so many years. Love supports our family!"}, {"nb": 1822, "data": "Fun nose sticking game Nose sticking nose game is really interesting. During extracurricular activities, the teacher drew a big head doll with no nose on the blackboard in the classroom. Let 's stick her nose on her. It is our turn to stick noses on big head dolls. The first one to go up was Xiaojun. The team leader blindfolded him with a green silk ribbon and helped him make three turns. The little soldier slowly walked to the blackboard with a red nose. Put your nose on. Before Xiaojun took off the ribbon, the students laughed. It turned out that the nose was stuck on the right eye. It turned out that the nose was stuck on the right eye."}, {"nb": 1823, "data": "Everyone knows that the city is the busiest! However, it is very lively under the ground in the city. Let 's look at the subway in all directions to transport people from here to there. Under the river in the city, there is also a long tunnel across the river, where one car is driven. There are even more pipes. The power lines, gas, and water pipes are all underneath. Under the city, there are hospitals, garages, playgrounds ... how about it? Is the city underground lively? However, it is very lively under the ground in the city."}, {"nb": 1824, "data": "Colorful Bridge Little Swallow is going to the Colorful Bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and nights, and never stops. It's windy and rainy, it's not afraid, it always keeps flying forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun smiled, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, what a colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily. Colorful Bridge Little Swallow is going to the Colorful Bridge."}, {"nb": 1825, "data": "One night a satellite passed by Sister Moon. Sister Moon asked: \"Little brother, where are you from? What are you doing in space?\" The satellite said, \"I'm from China, and scientists send me TV shows.\" Sister Moon said happily, \"Welcome, Chinese friend \"\" Said the satellite, \"I'm from China, and the scientists sent me to broadcast TV programs."}, {"nb": 1826, "data": "During the lesson, Xiao Hong went to the pool to wash her hands. She saw that the pool was very dirty and was about to clean it, and the bell for class rang. After school, she and some children bit their ears and came to the pool together. They rolled up their cuffs and started to work hard. Some of them wiped the moss in the pool, and some of the grass by the pool, and even the surrounding paper heads, withered grass, and leaves were cleaned. After cleaning, they stood in front of the pool and saw that the pool had been changed into clean \"clothes\". They were indescribably happy. After cleaning, they stood in front of the pool and saw that the pool had been changed into clean \"clothes\". They were indescribably happy."}, {"nb": 1827, "data": "Cuckoo's flower skirt Cuckoo lives in a hole in an old locust tree. Listen to the old locust tree saying, Once upon a time, the cuckoo had no flower skirt. It flew east to west, and while flying, it was called \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, hurry up Cuckoo!\" In the cries of cuckoos, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, the mountain terraces are like colored sky ladders, and the green grass is covered with golden, pink and pale blue flowers. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies fly to dance. The lively river sang a song and happily flowed into the distance. Seeing spring so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was really too tired, so it quietly returned to its own nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral skirt. \"What 's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told the cuckoo: \"Because you diligently called everyone cuckoo, the spring girl and mother earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps springing every spring Calling people: \"Cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry up!\" In the cry of cuckoos in spring, the earth changed into green clothes."}, {"nb": 1828, "data": "The child who counts stars At night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky. One, two, and counted down to several hundred. Grandma smiled and said, \"Stupid child, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and flickering, seeing the flowers, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, I can see See, you can count them clearly. The stars are moving, but not chaotic. You see, this star and that star are always so far apart. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Children, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa paused, pointing to the north The sky said, \"You see, the seven stars are connected like a spoon, called the Big Dipper. The star facing the mouth is the North Star. The Big Dipper always orbits the North Star.\" What Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night and got up to see the stars several times. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris. The child who counted the stars was Zhang Heng, who was from the Han Dynasty. When he grew up, he studied astronomy hard and became a famous astronomer. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky."}, {"nb": 1829, "data": "Flying up The animals on the ground saw the birds flying in the sky, and everyone was very envious. Sister Magpie said, \"You have no wings, you can never fly!\" The frog said unconvinced, \"I want to fly!\" So he blew a big balloon. The frog flew up holding the balloon. It was so happy. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"Let me try it too!\" Then he made a beautiful kite with beautiful silk cloth. The little white rabbit flew up with the kite, it was so happy. The little bear saw the frog and the white rabbit flying and thought, \"I can do it.\" So he built an airplane. The little bear flew the plane into the sky. \"Oh, it's flying!\" It was so excited. The elephant saw the bear cub also flew up and thought, \"I have a better way.\" So he built a spaceship. The elephant flew through the sky in a spaceship, flying higher and farther. Sister Magpie saw this scene and thought about it and said, \"It seems that as long as you use your brain, there is nothing you can't do.\" The bear flew the plane into the sky, \"Oh, it flew!"}, {"nb": 1830, "data": "When he cut a wall and stole the Western Han Dynasty, there was a peasant's child called Kuang Heng. His family was very poor and had no money to go to school, but he also loved reading and had to work and earn money to read. One day, Kuang Heng thought: I planted crops during the day and didn't have time to read books. I could use some more nights to read books. But Kuang Heng's family is so poor that he can't afford the oil for lighting. What should I do? Kuang Heng was lying on the bed carrying the book he had read during the day and carrying it on his back. Suddenly he saw a beam of light shining through the eastern wall. He immediately stood up and walked over to the wall to see, ah! It turned out that the light from the neighbor 's house was seeping through the crack in the wall. So Kuang Heng thought of a way: he took a small knife and dug a little wall gap. In this way, the light that passed through was even brighter, and he used it to read the book. Kuang Heng studied hard like this, and later became a very learned person. So Kuang Heng thought of a way: he took a small knife and dug a little wall gap."}, {"nb": 1831, "data": "They shed tears. There are some small animals living in the dense forest. They live happily. Suddenly one day a lot of people came in the forest and they saw a big tree down. The little animals ran in panic. The panda said, \"I don't have any bamboo to eat.\" The snake said, \"I have no place to hide.\" The bird said, \"I have no place to nest and lay eggs.\" Then, they all shed tears of sadness. Suddenly one day a lot of people came in the forest and they saw a big tree down."}, {"nb": 1832, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiao He only showed sharp and pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood up.\" This is a poem I recited before. I didn't really see this scene until I came to the pond. A pool of turquoise lotus leaves squeezed next to each other and swayed gently in the breeze. On the lotus leaf, there were glittering dew drops, which slipped into the water from time to time. Blossoming lotus flowers emerged from the large disc-shaped lotus leaves, and some were shyly wrapped in flower-bone flowers, while others bloomed pink petals, exposing yellow flower stamens, exuding tempting Fragrance. The dragonfly sister has long been intoxicated by the beauty in front of her eyes. She flutters her wings and sometimes stays on this lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire. Sometimes she smells the fragrance on that lotus flower. She can't help but admire: \"Beautiful lotus!\" I'm sorry to say, \"I can't be beautiful without my sister's backing!\" The lotus girl is embarrassed to say, \"I can't be beautiful without my sister's backing!\""}, {"nb": 1833, "data": "The little girl who catches the sea \"The soft beach, the golden yellow sand, the little girl who catches the sea bare feet ...\" Before, while listening to this song, I dreamed that I could be the little girl who catches the sea. Today, my wish has finally come true. Now I am standing on the beach. I came to the beach with my bare feet. The sea is not the turquoise blue, but the gray blue. But the waves of waves still excite me. I came to the beach and walked slowly on the edge of the waves. The naughty waves hit my feet, gently, softly, and extremely comfortable. Later, I became bolder and went to a slightly deeper sea. At this time, the spray is no longer a naughty child, but a troublemaker. Every time the waves came, I jumped and jumped, but every time the waves came in close contact with my clothes. Alas, the little girl catching the sea had to become a \"chicken\". \"Before, when I listened to this song, I dreamed that I could be the little girl catching the sea."}, {"nb": 1834, "data": "The motherland 's mountains and rivers are beautiful and rumbling. The train is like a steed, and runs happily on the field. The car window is like a camera, taking photos of the event. One photo is the field. The fields are so big that they are too big to reach, and the roads divide the green fields into pieces. One photo is high mountains. The mountains are so high, so high, that they can't reach the top. There are mountains, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder. One photo is green water. The water surface is wide and wide, so wide that it cannot reach the shore. Rumble, Rumble. The train is like a horse, running happily on the field. The mountains and rivers can't be seen. The motherland is beautiful. One photo is the field."}, {"nb": 1835, "data": "Cry in the rain. Will it cry in the light of rain? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why does the little girl cry? Light rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad. Her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl 's tears continued to flow after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Xiao Yu cried in the little girl 's tears. \"Eh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I'm drizzle!\" Drizzle cried, \"Because you can't see anything, I'm sad for you!\" \"Thank you, drizzle!\" The little girl smiled, \"I don't Cry, do n\u2019t cry! Listen, there are so many raindrops laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughed and sang with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears dried up, and the raindrops disappeared, and she had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-colored raindrops, and came to the girl \u2019s eyes, and the girl saw it, and was very happy La! Light rain asked the little girl's tears."}, {"nb": 1836, "data": "Aunt found Dong Dong a small parasol. This little parasol is so pretty! The sky-blue nylon umbrella is printed with colorful balloons. The glittering umbrella stand can be seen by people. The most beautiful thing is the umbrella handle. The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing a pilot hat. The little girl is smiling at people! Aunt found Dong Dong a small parasol."}, {"nb": 1837, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out that the fox and the crane were good friends. One day, the fox warmly invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup with a plate and said, \"Please eat.\" The crane pecked the plate with a long mouth, But nothing was eaten. In a few days, Crane also invited the fox to dinner. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell, but the mouth of the fox was too narrow, and his mouth couldn't reach in. As a result, he didn't eat anything. Then, I had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane paid homage to the hypocritical fox in the same way. Fox and crane It turned out that fox and crane were good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It put some soup on a plate and said, \"Please eat.\""}, {"nb": 1838, "data": "One day, the two husbands had a cousin eating noodles and a grandpa drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why am I without a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought for a while, and put some noodles in it On his lips, he said to his grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I'm old and I have a beard.\" Grandpa said with a smile to his little cousin, \"We have two husbands here.\" The little cousin thought. When I thought about it, I put some noodles on my lips and said to my grandpa, \"Grandpa, look, I'm old and I have a beard."}, {"nb": 1839, "data": "My dad My dad Li Dazhao has left us for decades and I will never forget his education for me. Whenever I see the children studying, I think of what my father said: \"Children can't be half-hearted about what they do. If they want to learn, they must be practical. If they want to play, they must have fun.\" Large characters were written in the room, and it was snowing outside. what ! We can make snowmen again and fight snowballs. I thought and thought, the pen in my hand wouldn't listen. Dad was standing next to me. He tapped the words I wrote with his hands. I took a closer look, and there were a few words written out of order. I knew I was wrong, and my face was hot, so I wrote down carefully. I handed over the big characters I had written to my dad, and thought to myself, \"Dad must let me rewrite it again. I didn't expect my dad to read it, pointing to a few words behind me and saying,\" Okay, just write like this! \"He said to me again,\" Call your brother, let's play snow outside! \" Dad took us to the snow, ran and jumped, snowballs, snowballs, and a big snowman. We didn't feel cold at all, and my dad was a few years younger. I wrote the big letters Show it to my dad, thinking to myself: \"Dad must let me rewrite it again."}, {"nb": 1840, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee."}, {"nb": 1841, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer said as she unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone."}, {"nb": 1842, "data": "A self-righteous \"smart man\" hurried on a donkey with a bag on his shoulders. Others asked, \"Why don't you put your bag on the donkey's back?\" The donkey rider looked at the interlocutor and said, \"How can I be so stupid? The donkey is holding me up. Do n\u2019t you crush the donkey on it? \u201dOthers asked,\u201c Why do n\u2019t you put your bag on the donkey \u2019s back?"}, {"nb": 1843, "data": "The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree. Little fruit tree, please be a guest. The raindrops were very happy, and they filled the little fruit tree with water. The green leaves of a small fruit tree grow longer and more. It invited the little bird to be a guest. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs. The little fruit tree is in bloom and it invites the little bees as guests. The little bee is very happy to help pollen the little fruit tree. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs."}, {"nb": 1844, "data": "Flies and mosquitoes fluttered a bunch of flies. I don't know where they came from again. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump. The fly said loudly, \"Hey, little mosquito, we have a great family of flies. We all have two names. When we were young, we called tadpoles. When we grew up, we called flies.\" What \u2019s so great about you, do n\u2019t you have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. It \u2019s called a cricket when we were young, and it \u2019s called a mosquito when we grow up. Awesome! We both have two names. The \"radar\" spray aimed at them and \"bounced\", and the mosquito flies were all dead. \"The mosquito smiled and said sharply,\" I thought you had something Amazing, isn't there just two names?"}, {"nb": 1845, "data": "The small fruit tree invited Tian Tian to plant a seed in the yard, and the seed grew into a small fruit tree. Little fruit tree, please be a guest. The raindrops were very happy, and they filled the little fruit tree with water. The green leaves of a small fruit tree grow longer and more. It invited the little bird to be a guest. The little bird is very happy to help the little fruit tree catch bugs. The little fruit tree is in bloom and it invites the little bees as guests. The little bee is very happy to help pollen the little fruit tree. The little fruit tree came to fruition, and it invited Tian Tian as a guest. Tian Tian was very happy, and after eating the sweet fruit, he planted the seeds into the soil. Little fruit tree, please be a guest."}, {"nb": 1846, "data": "During the break, Huizhen and I like to go to the playground to watch the classmates play rope skipping. Once, when Mr. Wang, who was on duty on the playground, saw it, he taught us the basic skills of skipping ropes, such as how to take off and how to shake the ropes ... Huizhen is very athletic and can learn as soon as he learns. And I tried many times without success and often tripped over the rope with a clumsy hand. Huizhen said to me, \"It's okay, let's practice next time we take a break! I can practice with you, and I can definitely learn.\" In the rest of the rest, I worked hard with Huizhen on the playground. With the help of Huizhen, I gradually mastered some methods, and finally I can jump rope briskly. Both Huizhen and I laughed happily. During the break, Huizhen and I like to go to the playground to watch the classmates play rope skipping."}, {"nb": 1847, "data": "The heating from the phone came very early this winter. The heavy snow had long covered the fields and blocked every trail. Mr. Porcupine hasn't seen the little white rabbit for three days. He misses his good friend very much. He knows that little white rabbits are very afraid of cold. Maybe, at the moment he was hiding in the corner of the room, trembling. Mr. Porcupine said to himself, \"I should give the little white rabbit a little\u2018 heater \u2019.\u201d After a while, the little white rabbit's phone rang. Little White Rabbit picked up the phone. Mr. Porcupine's gentle voice came from the phone. He was reading an article. \"That year, I came to the tropical forest. The hot sun was on my head, people were sweating, and there were green trees and red flowers all around ...\" The little white rabbit listened, and never shivered coldly A telephone tube close to his ears sent him bursts of \"heating\". Mr. Porcupine said to himself, \"I should give the little white rabbit a little\u2018 heater \u2019."}, {"nb": 1848, "data": "Plants also need to sleep Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also need to sleep. Red clover in the sunshine, three petit leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing energetic; at night, the three petit leaves were closed together, as if closing their eyes. In the bright sunny day, the leaves stretched out, looking happy and joyful. Night fell, and the leaves were paired together, and they slept beautifully. Water lilies, when they arrived in the early morning of a day, slowly opened their petals to reveal a charming smile. In the setting sun, the water lilies gradually closed their petals and entered their dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent frost, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep. Plants also need to sleep Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also need to sleep."}, {"nb": 1849, "data": "The roads in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, will be low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When I went uphill, I shouted, \"Come on! Come on!\" When I went downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind me, I shouted, \"Dash!\" Look, the car is driving far away. Bumps in the waves. The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, the other is a volt ... The road in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, is low for a while and high for a while."}, {"nb": 1850, "data": "On the balcony of my house is a pomegranate tree with green leaves. The pomegranate tree is in bloom, and their flowers are not fragrant, but they are hot and red, like a small trumpet, how beautiful! It bears two little pomegranates, and it has turned red, like two little lanterns, the wind blows, and it shakes. I water it every day and hope it grows up soon. The pomegranate tree is in bloom, and their flowers are not fragrant, but they are hot and red, like a small trumpet, how beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1851, "data": "The monkey boiled the melon, and the fruits and fruits of the monkey planted a good harvest. On this day, the monkey was holding a pumpkin and was about to sting. The little squirrel kindly said on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked and delicious, sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him, \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well Try, when have I lied to you? \"The monkey was dubious, tasted the pumpkin after cooking, and it was sweet and delicious, much better than raw taste. He said happily: \"It's right to listen to others with an open mind!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey, \"Brother Monkey, the watermelons and melon you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon was boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again and tasted it again. It was horrible and extremely unpleasant. The monkey then realized that he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It is not right to believe others, but it is more easy to be deceived by others!\" The little squirrel said kindly on the tree: \"Monkey brother, the pumpkin is cooked After eating, it is sweet and sweet."}, {"nb": 1852, "data": "In the green vegetable field of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said, \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm laughed suddenly, \"Huh! You also think of the top of the wall Go up? Do n\u2019t imagine it! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous, and went to sleep. The earthworm woke up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turned out that the snail had already climbed to the top of the wall. The earthworm woke up."}, {"nb": 1853, "data": "Magpies, crows and golden pheasants. Magpies, crows and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. Various colors and dyes were found in the jungle for everyone to dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and carefully painted on the magpie. The eager magpie, at the sight of drawing the black stripes, cried out: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" Said to fly away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's me! It's me!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant with one stroke at a time, using the seven colors found by the magpie, and worked very carefully from beginning to end. After painting for a long time, the crow said, \"Okay, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" Jinji looked at the stream: \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\" So beautiful, it said to the crow gratefully, \"I ca n\u2019t see it. Your hand is so clever. What a clever artist!\" Next, it \u2019s Caragana's turn to paint the crow. It picks up a black-colored pot. As soon as I was about to paint, my heart whispered, \"I want you to paint like that, when do you want to paint it!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shaking a pot of black dye onto the crow, and then said, \"Okay. OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned around to take a look, and the golden pheasant flew away. When he went to the stream and looked at it, he exclaimed angrily: \"Ahh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!\" The crow painted the golden pheasant one by one with the seven colors found by the magpie. At the end, I painted very carefully."}, {"nb": 1854, "data": "One day, the friends were playing hide and seek. The little monkey shouted, \"Have a snake, run away!\" He ran as soon as he turned. Little friends are running behind. Only the little hedgehog is not afraid and bites the snake's tail tightly. The little hedgehog swelled, bowed his back, and the spikes of his whole body stood up. Numerous small holes were punctured in the snake's body, struggling for a few times, and the last movement was motionless. Numerous small holes were punctured in the snake's body, struggling for a few times, and the last movement was motionless."}, {"nb": 1855, "data": "Hands and mouth speak for a day. The hand said, \"My ability is so great, I made many things in the world.\" I rushed and said, \"I also have credit!\" The hand laughed and said, \"What's your credit? I don't Give you something, you don't even have anything to eat. \"Mouth said angrily:\" I eat, but also for everyone, if I don't eat, can you still move? \"He heard, very angry. He no longer gave anything to stutter, and his mouth did not ask him for it. After a few days, I couldn't hold anything in my hand. What about my mouth? Can't move anymore. I don't give you anything, you don't even have food."}, {"nb": 1856, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered together to discuss who was capable. The thumb first stood up and said proudly: \"This problem is very simple, of course, my ability is the best. Why don't I rank first?\" The second thumb quit, and hurriedly said, \"I am the most amazing. People do whatever I used to give pointers. Where is your business? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up to argue,\" Look at it fast, straighten five fingers, the highest than anyone else. \" ...... The ring finger and little finger are not to be outdone, they all show their housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: See who can take it, whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they each flexed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball also made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought five fingers together? Five fingers went into battle, and as soon as they were gently picked, they were picked up. With five fingers, you look at me, I look at you, and smile embarrassedly. \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly got up to argue,\" Look at it, look at it, straighten your five fingers, which is the highest than anyone else. \""}, {"nb": 1857, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I strolled to the flowerbed, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower of Wuxi, clusters, clusters, blooming so lively! Some of these rhododendrons are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petaled flowers bloom so heavily that they are clustered together, with a cluster of stamens standing in the middle. They drove in clusters in groups of three or five, as if their close friends were talking about something. Look, that single petal flower is not bad either. A few petals are gathered together, like a five-point star and a small trumpet, \"ticking ticking\" playing the hymns of spring. I couldn't help coming forward to smell it, ah, the faint fragrance passing by the tip of my nose was intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent, and flew to the flowers to sing wonderful songs; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed to the stamen, carrying a large bag of grain, and went home cheerfully ... As the saying goes, \"Safflower I need a green leaf to line it up. \u201dTurn off the petals. The emerald green leaves are oval, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves are more beautiful. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing wonderful songs;"}, {"nb": 1858, "data": "It's snowing It's snowing, it's snowing! Snowflakes fell from the sky. The snow is getting bigger and bigger, like goose feathers, like cotton wool, like white butterflies. It looks great. The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole earth was white. Children make snowmen and fight snowballs in the snow. They are so happy! The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole land was all white."}, {"nb": 1859, "data": "The camel grows tall, and the sheep grow short. The camel said, \"High is better than short.\" The sheep shook their heads and said, \"No, short is better than tall.\" They kept arguing about it. They walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted inside, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as it looked up. The sheep lifted its forelegs and threw it on the wall. Its neck stretched out so long that it couldn't eat. The camel said, \"Look, this proves that the taller is better than the shorter one.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to give in. They took a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door in the fence. The sheep walked into the garden to eat grass. The camel knelt down on its front legs, and lowered its head to drill into the door, but could not get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this proves that short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head and refused to give in. They asked Lao Niu for comment. Lao Niu said, \"You both see only your strengths, but you don't see your weaknesses. This is wrong. They asked Lao Niu for comment, and Lao Niu said:\" You both It's not right to see your strengths and your weaknesses."}, {"nb": 1860, "data": "Wind child Wind child running around looking for work. Running and running, he saw a sailing boat on the water surface, and the wind child strove to the sail. Blow and blow, the child pushes the boat and walks fast. The people on the boat praised him: \"It's really windy!\" Run and run, he saw a shelf like a small tower with several large blades on it. The wind child strove to the blade. Blow and blow, the wind pushes the blades so fast. People under the small tower praised him: \"It's really good wind, our wind generator has generated electricity.\" Yes, the children who didn't find a job ran around, blowing dust and smashing your eyes. But what a cute child with a job to do! Can you find a job for the wind child? Blow and blow, the wind pushes the blades so fast."}, {"nb": 1861, "data": "Little grass By the road, on the banks of the river, inconspicuous little grasses fill nature with life. In the spring, a slight spring breeze blew, and the grass and the newly waking partners danced cheerfully. As they dance, they grow with the spring breeze. In the summer, the sun scorches the earth. People come to the grass and sit on the grass. The grass is like a loving mother who holds people in her arms, so that the tired people can eliminate the fatigue brought by the heat. She never cares what people give, prefers to contribute to people. In the autumn, a cool breeze blew, and she suddenly became pale and thin. The cold wind brought winter here, and the roots of the grass had penetrated deeply into the soil. When spring came the next year, she got out of the soil again. She never cares what people give, prefers to contribute to people."}, {"nb": 1862, "data": "In the scorching sun in the desert, the mother sand chicken was sick, and she lay down under a cactus and panted, saying, \"Water, water ...\" The mother sand chicken quickly helped her mother find water. It looked in the endless desert and finally found a small puddle. Xiaosha chicken was so happy that he could not afford to drink it, and quickly dipped his furry body into the puddle. The grouse's feathers have a strong ability to absorb water, and after a while they are full of water. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I'll send you water!\" The mother grouse stuck her mouth into the feather of the little grouse, and sucked the water into her mouth. The sand chicken mother smiled and said, \"You are really a sensible child!\" The small sand chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you also gave me water like this!\" \"The sand chicken mother stretched her mouth to the feather of the small sand chicken. In, suck water into your mouth."}, {"nb": 1863, "data": "The taste of the moon What is the taste of the moon? Is it sweet or salty? I really want to taste a small bite! At night, the animals looked at the moon and always thought so. However, no matter how much the neck, the hands, the legs are stretched, the moon cannot be reached. One day a little turtle was determined to touch the moon. Climbing to the top of the mountain, the moon was near. However, little turtles are still out of reach. The turtle called the elephant, \"Elephant, come on my back, maybe we can get it!\" Moon thought, \"Is this a game with me!\" The elephant's nose stretched up, and the moon was light Jump up to the ground. The elephant was out of reach. It called the giraffe. Then the giraffe called the zebra, the zebra called the lion, the lion called the fox, the fox called the monkey, and the monkey called the mouse. The moon looked at the mouse and thought, \"Such a little bit, I can't catch me.\" The moon was tired of playing, and it didn't move this time. Unexpectedly, \"click!\" The mouse bit a piece of moon. It gave the animals a bite of the moon, and everyone felt that this was the most delicious thing they had ever eaten. A small fish looked at all this, and couldn't understand why: \"Why do they have to work so hard to go to the high sky to pick the moon? Isn't there another one? Well, it's in the water, next to me.\" The turtle called the elephant, \"Elephant, come on my back, maybe we can get it!"}, {"nb": 1864, "data": "Gift The earth's favorite person is its mother. Who is the earth's mother? It is the sun. Once, Earth suddenly missed Mother Sun, and it thought, \"Mother Sun is so kind to me. From the time I was born to now, it has cared for me so much. I should give a gift to Mother Sun!\" But what? How about it? The earth thought for a long time and couldn't think of the results. In the end, it decided to ask Uncle Feng, because Uncle Feng has been to all over the world and has the widest knowledge. He will definitely help it solve this problem. Once, Earth suddenly missed Mother Sun, and it thought, \"Mother Sun is so kind to me. From the time I was born to now, it has cared for me so much. I should give Mother Sun a gift!"}, {"nb": 1865, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the dirt. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the raindrops are constantly spraying, nourishing the dry little seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed sticks out his feet, sticks out his head, and grows into a bud with a hat. The rain stopped and the warm sun shone, and the young shoots took off the hat from their heads. The rain stopped and a gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on their new green clothes. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed sticks out his feet, sticks out his head, and grows into a bud with a hat."}, {"nb": 1866, "data": "Scratching the tickle The big lion was tickling, so he called some small animals and gave him a tickle. The little rabbit caught him, the big lion said, \"It's light! It's light!\" The little bear caught him, and the big lion said, \"Heavy! It's heavy!\" The little rabbit and the little bear caught him together. , Yelling wow. The fox found it tickling and told the big lion to grab it by himself. The big lion picked up the tickle and scratched it by himself, wanting to scratch it lightly, scratching it gently; trying to scratch it, scratching it hard; grabbing it wherever you want it. The more you catch it, the more comfortable it is. The big lion laughs happily. The big lion picked up the tickle, and scratched the tickle by himself, and wanted to scratch it lightly;"}, {"nb": 1867, "data": "The beautiful phalaenopsis weather is really good. I went for a walk with my dad. When I saw a flower by the road, I asked my dad, \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me, \"This is a phalaenopsis.\" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said,\" This flower is very strange, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I take a closer look. The petals of this flower are half purple and the other half It's white, blown by the wind, like a flying butterfly, it's amazing! \"Dad told me:\" This is Phalaenopsis."}, {"nb": 1868, "data": "There are three little goldfishes in goldfish learning. They look very beautiful. They find it very boring to swim in the water every day, so they decided to learn a little skill. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was caught by a hermit crab. After a lesson learned, it started to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"Scavenger\" (a kind of fish nickname) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so they decided to learn this line. At the beginning it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long for me to get tired. It said: \"Cleaning the environment every day, back pain, I can't stand it.\" In the end, it was only halfway. The third naughty little goldfish learns to swim with swordfish. As soon as the swordfish said the essentials of learning to swim, it swims impatiently. I thought: I will have these things for a long time, and there is nothing to learn. One month later, the blister-eye little goldfish learned something, and the other two little goldfish could only swim to and fro without success. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with a hermit crab."}, {"nb": 1869, "data": "Good friends of crops-frogs There are many types of frogs. The common one is the black-spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on the top of the head, and the vision is sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but not sensitive to lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the green frog. When preying, the tongue quickly flips out of the exit, sticks to the small insects, and gets caught in the mouth. The main food for frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, the frog is known as a good friend of the crop. There are a pair of protruding eyes on both sides of the head, which are very sharp and can quickly find flying bugs, but they are not sensitive to lying bugs."}, {"nb": 1870, "data": "At night, the fireflies carrying lanterns covered the moon with clouds. The hot air on the ground is still evaporating, and the weather is still so hot. We all shook our fan into the yard to take a cool ride, but the fireflies were carrying small lanterns and flying on the grass. Is it to give way to the lost ants? Or lighting up the textile girl at night? Or ... fly, fly, fly over the blades of grass, fly under the big trees, the fireflies are not afraid of heat, and take great pains. Photo, photo, the small lantern of the firefly, like the stars in the fairy tale world, twinkles, so charming! We all shook our fan into the yard to take a cool ride, but the fireflies were carrying small lanterns and flying on the grass."}, {"nb": 1871, "data": "The child who counts stars At night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child was sitting in the yard, leaning on grandma, looking up, counting the stars at the sky. One, two, and counted down to several hundred. Grandma smiled and said, \"Stupid child, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and flickering, seeing the flowers, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, I can see See, you can count them clearly. The stars are moving, but not chaotic. You see, this star and that star are always so far apart. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Children, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but it seems that the distance between them is constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa paused, pointing to the north The sky said, \"You see, the seven stars are connected like a spoon, called the Big Dipper. The star facing the mouth is the North Star. The Big Dipper always orbits the North Star.\" What Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night and got up to see the stars several times. He could see clearly that the Big Dipper was turning slowly around Polaris. The child who counted the stars was Zhang Heng, who was from the Han Dynasty. When he grew up, he studied astronomy hard and became a famous astronomer. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Boy, you look very carefully."}, {"nb": 1872, "data": "Colorful Bridge Little Swallow is going to the Colorful Bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and nights, and never stops. It's windy and rainy, it's not afraid, it always keeps flying forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun smiled, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, what a colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily. Red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, what a colorful bridge!"}, {"nb": 1873, "data": "The scenery of the park is so beautiful Today, the sun is shining and there are a few white clouds floating in the blue sky. My parents and I are rowing in the lake in the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and is surrounded by colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. The birds are singing a gentle song on the tree. A group of children are playing the eagle-and-chicken game under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward with a big chest . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... the park scenery is so beautiful! Sitting at the bow of the boat, I couldn't help but sing loudly, and my father and mother sang softly to me as they rowed the boat: \"It's sunny today, the scenery is good, the scenery is so beautiful ...\" The scenery in the park is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1874, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this?"}, {"nb": 1875, "data": "Just after it rained, the sun came out and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true. But without me, you are not.\" Hong didn't believe it, but she was even more proud. The sun shook its head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately. The sun said to Hong, \"You are beautiful, this is true."}, {"nb": 1876, "data": "Happy Grass Boy Jimmy 's mother has a farm, but Jimmy can't help her with some farm work. Because Jimmy is also very busy, he is busy looking for a kind of happy grass for his mother. That day, Jimmy met a rabbit. After listening to Jimmy's plan, the rabbit said, \"Don't look for this kind of grass. We eat this grass every day, but it doesn't bring us a sense of happiness. Help your mother to do more farm work That way, you will be happy. \"Jimmy thought the rabbit made sense, so he returned to his mother's farm to help his mother. Not only did Jimmy learn to weed on the farm, he also learned to raise sheep and grow vegetables. Jimmy 's mother said to Jimmy, \"My child, my mother is so happy with you!\" Jimmy smiled embarrassedly. He only knew now that happiness has always been in his heart. Happy Grass Boy Jimmy 's mother has a farm, but Jimmy can't help her with some farm work."}, {"nb": 1877, "data": "It's windy. I asked my mother, \"What is the wind like?\" My mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know, what do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"When the wind is like a barber, when I am happy, I comb my hair neatly When I was angry, my hair was blown into chaos. \"When she heard it, she praised,\" Yes, yes! Your imagination is so rich. \"I asked my mother,\" What is the wind like?"}, {"nb": 1878, "data": "The kettle that I can call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will make a whistle, as if shouting: \"Water is boiling! Water is boiling!\" Why is it called? After careful observation, I found that there was a whistle on its cover. When the water was boiled, the water vapour in the pot could only come out of the whistle because the lid was tight. Then the whistle rang. I thought: This kettle is simple and practical, and the person who invented it is really smart! From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called."}, {"nb": 1879, "data": "The dog doctor asked the monkey lab technician to give the animal a blood test. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all are here. The monkey lab technicians took their blood and put them in glass tubes. The test results came out, but Dr. Flower Dog found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey lab technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey was crying anxiously. The flower dog said, \"Don't worry, the turquoise is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the cyan is the blood of the shrimp, and the rose red is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened and wrote carefully on the glass tube. Name, and said, \"In the future, I must be serious.\" The flower dog said, \"Do n\u2019t worry, turquoise is the blood of the spider, light blue is the blood of the snail, cyan is the blood of the shrimp, and rose red is the blood of the earthworm. ."}, {"nb": 1880, "data": "Brave little hedgehog One autumn afternoon, the weather was fine, the little animals were having a picnic, and they just ate half. Suddenly, the big wolf came swaying, and said viciously, \"So which small animal should I eat? The little animals were frightened when they saw them. The flying ones flew away, and the flying ones ran away, leaving only the little hedgehog happy. The big wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele. Lele said to himself, \"Don't be afraid!\" It darted up and shrank into a ball and stabbed the big wolf with thorns on the body. Run away. The little animals returned, and they asked Lele: \"What if the big wolf is back again?\" Lele said, \"I'm not afraid of it! I can deal with it with the thorns on my body.\" The little animals admired the brave little hedgehog! \"He rushed up bravely and shrank into a ball that stabbed the wolf with the stabs on his body. The wolf was tied up and ran away."}, {"nb": 1881, "data": "Tail Races In the forest, animals have to hold tail races. There are a lot of animals signing up for the competition! On the day of the match, the forest was lively! The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped into the pine tree and performed his own show-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped down from the tree, falling just behind the old monkey. Next are the oxen, swallows, capuchins ... After the game is over, the old monkey scratches his head and says, \"It's all a useful tail. Who should be the champion?\" The referee old monkey announced the start of the game, I saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with a sharp mouth!"}, {"nb": 1882, "data": "Where are the ears? Mother frog Let the little frog take a look in nature. Where are the ears of the animals? The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog held a locust brightly, and the frog fat caught a small tadpole, but they could not find the ears of the small animal. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts, and tadpoles on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" The little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little tadpoles were free. They couldn't help but laughed in unison: \"How do you know we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the small mosquito. \"My ears are on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly and said. \"My ears are here!\" Said Xiao Yan, raising the two lower legs in front. \"\" My tentacles are ears. \""}, {"nb": 1883, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiao He only showed sharp and pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood up.\" This is a poem I recited before. I didn't really see this scene until I came to the pond. A pool of turquoise lotus leaves squeezed next to each other and swayed gently in the breeze. On the lotus leaf, there were glittering dew drops, which slipped into the water from time to time. Blossoming lotus flowers emerged from the large disc-shaped lotus leaves, and some were shyly wrapped in flower-bone flowers, while others bloomed pink petals, exposing yellow flower stamens, exuding tempting Fragrance. The dragonfly sister has long been intoxicated by the beauty in front of her eyes. She flutters her wings and sometimes stays on this lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire. Sometimes she smells the fragrance on that lotus flower. She can't help but admire: \"What a beautiful lotus!\" I'm sorry to say, \"How can I be beautiful without my lotus leaf sister?\" A bunch of bright lotus flowers emerged from the large disc-like lotus leaves, and some of them were shy like flowers. Others have pink petals blooming, revealing yellow flower stamens, exuding a seductive fragrance."}, {"nb": 1884, "data": "One night a satellite passed by Sister Moon. Sister Moon asked: \"Little brother, where are you from? What are you doing in space?\" The satellite said, \"I'm from China, and scientists send me TV shows.\" Sister Moon said happily, \"Welcome, Chinese friend \"\" Said the satellite, \"I'm from China, and the scientists sent me to broadcast TV programs."}, {"nb": 1885, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful exterior walls that decorates the hut so beautifully. There is a helping cat in the cabin. One day, frogs, tortoises, ducklings, and big cocks went together to play on the street. On the way home, it was getting dark, and after a while, it rained heavily. Little cat is watching TV. It heard the raining sound of \"rushing, rushing\" outside, and thought, \"Will there be a friend who needs an umbrella?\" The little cat hurriedly took the little flower umbrella out of the door. It stood under the eaves and saw four little friends coming along the road from a distance. But now there is only one umbrella in my hand. Who is it lent to? The little cat sees the frog bouncing around, oh! It understood that the frog grew up in the river and was not afraid of rain. He saw the turtle stretch out its long neck and drank the rain happily, and there was a lid on its back. It turned out that the turtle didn't use an umbrella. It also saw the ducklings, which had shiny and smooth feathers. When the rain dripped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't even need an umbrella. There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a great thing and feels very happy in his heart! There were only poor big cocks, and the thin feathers were soaked by the rain. The little cat quickly lent the small flower umbrella to the big cock!"}, {"nb": 1886, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are in bloom. How beautiful the flower blooms, people take pictures of it. The flowers bloomed, how fragrant, the bees circled around it. The flowers laughed, but the flowers were happy! The flower laughed, and a flower became proud. It doesn't look at the green leaves around it. It feels that the leaves are ordinary. No one looks at it. It's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, this flower fell from the tree and left the green leaves as soon as it was hardened. The flowers fluttered in the wind, and after a while, the flowers dried up, like a piece of waste paper, and were swept into the trash. When I saw other flowers, I never dared to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard, making all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers can bear fruit. With green leaves, our flowers are red;"}, {"nb": 1887, "data": "The grapes are planted in terraces on the hillside. The lush foliage spread out to all sides, like building a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under the green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, pale green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to Grape Valley at this time, the warm and hospitable Uyghur native will pick the sweetest grapes so that you can eat enough. The grapes are planted in terraces on the hillside."}, {"nb": 1888, "data": "Little grass baby In our campus, there are two large lawns, and the cute little grass baby lives in it. In spring, the baby grass showed her little head and put on the green clothes sent by the spring girl, adding green to the campus, and the campus looks more beautiful. They are holding hands, side by side, dressing up the campus, bringing a lot of laughter to teachers and classmates. In summer, the baby grass grows taller and the clothes are greener. From a distance, it seems that the campus is covered with a green carpet. From a closer look, Sister Feng blows gently, and the baby grass nods, as if dancing! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law. Suddenly, the autumn wind blew and the yellow dress fell off, and the campus was like gold laid on the ground. In winter, the little grass baby is afraid of coming out of the cold, hiding in the ground to sleep, giving birth to the second year of life in the embrace of the earth. I love you, cute little grass baby, because you are the four seasons of our campus! In autumn, the little grass baby wants to change clothes, so she wears yellow clothes made by autumn mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1889, "data": "Uncle Gray Cat \"Xiu Xiu\" gave me a little cat named \"Xiu Xiu\". From a distance, \"Xiu Xiu\" looks like a majestic little tiger: a pair of sparkling eyes are embedded on his face, and a long beard is grown near the corner of his mouth; a gray hair feels very comfortable to touch; The long tail is always tilted upwards. So cute ! \"Xiu Xiu\" is a good mouse trap. One night I found \"Xiuxiu\" hiding near a mouse's hole in the corner. After a while, a big mouse came out of the hole and \"Xiu Xiu\" swooped on. Unexpectedly the mouse screamed and ran away from \"Xiu Xiu\" 's paw. \"Xiu Xiu\" Where would you let it go! \"\u564c, \u564c, \u564c\" a few times, then pressed the mouse under the claws. \"Xiu Xiu\" was not in a hurry to eat the mouse. I saw it tossed the mouse into the air, and the mouse ran away as soon as it landed, but did not wait for the mouse to run two steps. The front paws kicked the rat around, and it was a beautiful meal until it tortured the rat so that it would not move. \"Xiu Xiu\" was not in a hurry to eat the mouse. I saw it tossed the mouse into the air, and the mouse ran away as soon as it landed, but did not wait for the mouse to run two steps. The front paws kicked the rat around, and it was a beautiful meal until it tortured the rat so that it would not move."}, {"nb": 1890, "data": "Rat meeting! One day, the kitten would build the house next to the mouse 's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. A kitten is the enemy of a mouse. This can hardly damage the mouse. The mouse hates and fears the little cat. Now it is a neighbor. The mouse is afraid to go out all day. What can we do? King Rat thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together for a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. King Mouse suggested that everyone hang a bell on the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat comes out, the mice will know. But who can hang the bell? Everyone wants to come and go. In the end, the King Mouse sent an elf capable mouse Mimi to complete this sacred task. Unfortunately, the mouse Mimi was killed by the cat. Since then, the mouse is even more afraid of the cat. But who can hang the bell?"}, {"nb": 1891, "data": "The green villain book The green villain book; The little tree is green, the little tree is a happy little man book, and the bird reads with its head crooked; The most beautiful words are written on each green leaf, and the most beautiful patterns are painted The bird's reading sound is crisp and beautiful, flying into the depths of the mountains ...; bird, bird, what do you write and draw in the book? Yes No Andersen Fairy? Are there four masterpieces and novels? Little bird, can you tell me? I climbed up to the trunk barefoot, but the bird flew away and flew to another tree; in the spring grove is a little man's book that the birds can't read and can't finish reading ... I climbed barefoot Up the trunk, but the bird flew away and flew to another tree;"}, {"nb": 1892, "data": "A mother-loving little fish is a doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; a little bird is a doll of the forest, he loves the mother of the forest; a little star is a doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky; He loves his motherland. Little star is a doll in the blue sky, he loves the blue sky mother;"}, {"nb": 1893, "data": "The monkey saw her mother read and write with glasses, and her grandmother wore glasses to mend clothes. It asked what made sense. Mom and grandma replied, \"You can see clearly with glasses.\" One day, the monkey put on his mother's glasses, Yo! Blurred; then put on grandma's glasses, dizzy, and almost fell. It said angrily: \"Mom and grandma lied to me!\" The mother monkey knew it and explained to the little monkey: \"Grandma is old and wears reading glasses; Mom wears myopia glasses.\" This is often the case and it is suitable for others The things that are not right for you. The little monkey saw her mother reading and writing with glasses, and her grandmother wore glasses to sew up her clothes. It asked what the truth was, and her mother and grandma replied, \"You can see clearly with glasses."}, {"nb": 1894, "data": "I like rain. The rain of spring germinates the seeds, and the land is a pink willow green. The rain in summer bathed the ground and people felt cool. The rain of autumn put a golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible. It was like someone in the sky poured down a pot of water, washed out the road, and damaged the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people and sometimes brings disasters to people. However, yesterday's rain was terrible. It was like someone in the sky poured down a pot of water, washed out the road, and damaged the crops."}, {"nb": 1895, "data": "The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way in, and looked back to see that the little white rabbit had been left behind for a while. Then he said to the little white rabbit, \"Let me sleep and run with you!\" So the tiger lay down Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger. The puppy next to him called out to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is catching up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and looked at, \"It doesn't matter, it can't catch up. Me! \"So he closed his eyes and slept again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy was anxious to shout to the tiger: \"Little white rabbit is almost at the end.\" At this moment, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late, and the white rabbit passed the end. The tiger lost the game and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud of yourself!\" The tiger lowered its head in shame. The proud tiger The tiger and the little white rabbit are going to run a race with the little dog as the referee."}, {"nb": 1896, "data": "The green air conditioner forest is like a huge air conditioner. It sucks the hot midsummer into the green leaves, carefully processes and filters it, and then sends the cool fresh oxygen to the earth. The blushed city people rushed into the forest from all sides. Can you move the green leaves to the city, to your home and in the classroom ... so that grandpas, grandmothers, and babies who cannot walk can also enjoy the cool breeze blowing? can ! A child said, \"Look, aren't all the green air conditioners in the city garden, roof melon shed and balcony bonsai?\" The green air conditioner forest is like a huge air conditioner, sucking the hot midsummer into From leaf to leaf, carefully process and filter, then send the cool fresh oxygen to the earth."}, {"nb": 1897, "data": "Do you know the talking lamp? In addition to lighting, lamps also speak to people. On the road, cars come and go. The traffic lights are constantly working and tell people that the red lights stop and the green lights go. The blinker of the car flashed, and that was saying to people: \"Be careful! I'm turning!\" On the sea, the lighthouse stood firmly at its post. The passing ships knew from the lights where the fairway was and where they could not go. There must be talking lamps around you. If you are interested, you can understand them. In addition to lighting, lamps also speak to people."}, {"nb": 1898, "data": "Cleaning the table Sunday, after lunch with our family, I said to my dad, \"I'll clean the table today.\" My dad said, \"Okay, but don't think it's a simple thing. There are some more to do well. Tips. \"I said,\" Be assured, I will do a good job. \"So I packed the bowl and chopsticks in the sink, then picked up a rag to clean the table. I used a lot of effort to wipe it, but I wiped it several times without cleaning it. Instead, I stuck the vegetable crumbs on the table and some rice grains to the table. Dad saw it and said with a smile: \"Xiao Fan, you haven't rubbed in the right way. You should rub in one direction. You can't make a circle.\" Dad said as he demonstrated. I wiped it again according to the method my father said ... After a while, the dirty table was wiped clean by me, and it was as bright as a mirror. I ca n\u2019t think of cleaning the table and learning. It seems that I should do more housework! I wiped it again as my father said ..."}, {"nb": 1899, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on a bench and eating snowballs with a big mouthful. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and snow flakes fell down one after another. \"I am Father Snow, you are welcome to come here.\" Masha came to Father Snow-the house made of ice, the wall with snowflakes embedded in it, and the bed was covered with snow mattresses. Martha felt the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Snow-white father-in-law said, \"I still have something wonderful here!\" Snow-white father raised the snow mattress, a piece of green wheat! Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it underneath?\" Snow-white father smiled: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter! The pests in the ground came across me and could not stand the cold, and they froze to death. Now. \"Oh, that's it. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress lightly. She seemed to see spring when the wheat was heading and blooming. \"Father Xue Xue smiled.\" I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from winter!"}, {"nb": 1900, "data": "Interesting sun and moon shells There is an interesting shell in the sea near the Xisha Islands in China. It has two round shells, one facing down to the bottom of the sea, one who doesn't see sunlight in adulthood, is white and white, like the moon; the other is upward, often shining in sunlight, red and red, like the sun. People call it \"Sun Moon Bay\". When the sun and the moon were swimming, the two shells quickly joined one by one, drained forward, and swam as fast as a bird, so someone called it a \"flying shell.\" The other one is facing up and often shines with sunlight. The color is red, like the sun. People call it \"sun and moon\"."}, {"nb": 1901, "data": "Xiaoyu swims and swims. After a few days, she has two hind legs. They saw mother carps looking for food to eat. Xiaoyu went up and asked, \"Where is our mother?\" Mom Carp said, \"Your mother has four legs and a wide mouth. Go there and look for it!\" Xiaoyu went up and asked, \"Where is our mother?\""}, {"nb": 1902, "data": "Among the colorful frames in the Children's Art Exhibition, I saw a picture without color and extremely simple lines. It was a picture of a blind child. On the white paper, a sun was drawn with a ballpoint pen, shining on a small house. There was a stream in front of the small house, and a tall tree. A few strokes sketched a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who passes by here will stop and carefully look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. Not only did they look at this picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind child through this picture. Everyone who passes by here will stop and carefully look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long."}, {"nb": 1903, "data": "Hands and mouth speak for a day. The hand said, \"My ability is so great, I made many things in the world.\" I rushed and said, \"I also have credit!\" The hand laughed and said, \"What's your credit? I don't Give you something, you don't even have anything to eat. \"Mouth said angrily:\" I eat, but also for everyone, if I don't eat, can you still move? \"He heard, very angry. He no longer gave anything to stutter, and his mouth did not ask him for it. After a few days, I couldn't hold anything in my hand. What about my mouth? Can't move anymore. \"I rushed and said,\" I also have credit!"}, {"nb": 1904, "data": "Juvenile Xu Wenchang Xu Wenchang has been known for his active mind since he was a child. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Take it everywhere. \"Xu Wen's eyes rolled and he had an idea. He lifted the shoulder to a well and then extended the shoulder from the well and easily took the gift from the shoulder. \"What a clever boy.\" Uncle raised his thumb. One day, his uncle took out a packet of presents with a smile and hung it on a tent that was much taller than Xu Wenchang. He said to Xu Wenchang, \"This gift is for you, but you can't take the banquet down or stand tall. Go get it."}, {"nb": 1905, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sun, we blew colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly towards the blue sky. Some resemble a small dewdrop, and some resemble beautiful colored balls. Bubbles fly to the classroom, come to visit our classroom; bubbles fly to space, and dance with the stars in the sky; bubbles fly to the lawn, holding hands with the grass, side by side, so beautiful! Pao flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom;"}, {"nb": 1906, "data": "Xiaoshan Quan said, \"Hare, wow, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of my water storage is to make it available for people to quench their thirst. If I am idle all the time and no one needs me, then it is unfortunate!\" Xiao Shanquan said, \"Hare, wow, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of storing water is to make it available for people to quench their thirst."}, {"nb": 1907, "data": "Doudou's bad habit Doudou always likes to lick things. He said he wants to taste the taste of things. His mother told him that it was unhygienic and he didn't listen. He often grabbed toys and licked them. He often said, \"People said, don't do it clean, and they didn't get sick when they ate.\" Mother couldn't do anything about him. The bacteria on the plastic elephant was licked into the stomach by Doudou. My stomach hurts! Doudou was rolling with pain. When she saw it, she hurried him to the hospital. The doctor said, \"Little Doudou, you will get sick if you lick things up. Now you have to get an injection and medicine!\" Little Doudou nodded silently. Since then, Doudou can no longer lick toys. Not only does he not lick things up, he also develops a good habit of washing his hands and changing his clothes frequently. Now that everyone has met Doudou, they all boast that he is a good child who loves cleanliness. Doudou was rolling with pain."}, {"nb": 1908, "data": "Where is the spray spray? Home is in the sea. When does the spray bloom? Please ask the wind. What color is the spray? Blossoming white as clouds. How much does the spray bloom? Millions of flowers. What color is the spray?"}, {"nb": 1909, "data": "It 's so nice here on a little desert island that a bear lives. The bear felt lonely and dreamed of playing with many friends every day when he slept. Seeing a cloud floating in the sky, the bear hurriedly asked, \"Clouds and clouds, how can I find my friends?\" Yuner didn't speak, and fluttered into a tree. The little bear understood. He planted and planted many island saplings on the island. One year, two years, the small saplings grew up, and the mountains and the fields were covered with green leaves. A little bird flew up: \"Ah, it's nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds came and all lived here. Fallow deer, baby elephant, baby monkey, all came by boat: \"Ah, this is great! Let's live here!\" The bear was so happy, he kept saying, \"Welcome you Welcome all of you! \"\" Many birds flew in, and they lived here."}, {"nb": 1910, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. \"Avanti said,\" Wow, how strong are you?"}, {"nb": 1911, "data": "The lion dominates in the forest. Specialize in catching small animals to eat. The squirrel said, \"It ate my tail.\" The rabbit said, \"It ate my little brother.\" The monkey said, \"I have to find a way to cure it.\" One day, the monkey said to the lion: \"There is a river The big lion is going to eat you. \"The lion went to the river and looked at it. Sure enough, there was a fierce big lion. It jumped up and rushed into the river. The lion dominates in the forest."}, {"nb": 1912, "data": "The little hen planted rice one day, and the little hen found some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Would you like to grow rice with me?\" Said the duckling. \"It's too hard to grow rice. I'm afraid to bend over!\" The hen had to grow rice herself. When the seedlings were tall, the little hen asked the kitten, \"Would you like to weed with me?\" The kitten said, \"The weed is too hard. I'm afraid of foaming in the hands!\" The little hen had to weed itself. When the rice is cooked, the little hen asks the piglet: \"Would you like to collect rice with me?\" The piglet said, \"It's too hard to collect rice. I'm afraid I'll get covered with dirt!\" The little hen had to collect rice herself. The little hen made rice into rice to make sweet and sweet white rice. To the duckling, the duckling lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"Next year we will grow rice with you!\" The seedlings grew tall, and the little hen asked the kitten, \"Would you like to weed with me?\""}, {"nb": 1913, "data": "Rainy night tick! Tick \u200b\u200b\u2014\u2014 light raindrops fell from the eaves, and fell on the steps outside the window, and a small water spray rose up. Ruby the little field mouse lay on the windowsill, sighed, and looked unhappy at all. why ? It turned out that Ruby was sick a while ago, and the neighbor gray squirrel Totti said that when he became ill, he accompanied him to the moon. Now Ruby's illness is better. How he wished he could walk with Totti on the field with flowers and watch the moon together! But the rain was so heavy that the moon wouldn't be able to see it, and Totti wouldn't come, right? Hey ! Let 's go to sleep! Ruby went to bed in disappointment. Tick! Tick-Light rain sings outside the room. Bang \u2014\u2014 bang bang \u2014\u2014! Ruby seemed to have heard a knock at the door. He thought he had heard it wrong, and he opened his ears and listened carefully. Bang \u2014\u2014! Someone is knocking at the door. \"Ruby, are you home?\" Totti's little voice came from outside. Ruby jumped up from the bed all of a sudden, and he opened the door-it was Totti standing outside the door. He was holding an umbrella, his boots were covered with mud, and the rain boots were covered with mud. \"Oh! Totti, it really is you! I thought you wouldn't come again! I'm so happy!\" Ruby said, hugging Totti tightly. \"Certainly! Good friends should talk and tell the truth, so I can accompany you to watch the moon, how can I forget it!\" Totti said cheerfully. \"But Totti, the moon will not come out after such a heavy rain.\" Ruby looked disappointedly out the window where it was raining. \"Oh! No no no, look-\" Totti blinked mysteriously at him, \"We can listen to the rain and sing together!\" Listen, tick! Tick! The raindrops outside the window were singing cheerful songs. In the small room, Ruby and Totti listened to the sound of the rain, and happily sang, \"Let's listen to the rain together, ticking, it's so nice ...\" Ruby seemed to hear the knock on the door, and thought he heard something wrong. Then, he opened his ears and listened carefully."}, {"nb": 1914, "data": "The squirrel's tail The little white rabbit saw the squirrel with a big tail and felt very strange. He thought, what use is such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a big tree and landed gently on a small tree. That big light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw him and said, \"You can jump down from a tree that high. It turned out to be a big tail help!\" The squirrel said, \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail tilted, he covered his body. It turns out that when a squirrel sleeps, it treats its big tail as a soft and warm quilt! It turns out that when a squirrel sleeps, it treats its big tail as a soft and warm quilt!"}, {"nb": 1915, "data": "The shadow of the small rooster In the morning, the small rooster trembles its wings happily in the sun. Alas, there is a long shadow on the ground, who is this? The little cock stretched his head, and the shadow stretched his head; the little cock kicked and kicked, and the shadow kicked and kicked. Oh, that's me! \"I'm tall!\" The little cock called and ran home. It has to tell mom. Oops; mother has already gone to work. The little cock is waiting at the door until he has lunch. Ah, mother is back. The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow. Alas, how has the shadow become shorter? The little cock hurries his mother to see his shadow."}, {"nb": 1916, "data": "One day, when compared to strength, the Hercules met Avanti by the wall. He said happily: \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are a wise star, I am a strong man, how about our strength?\" Avanti said, \"Wow, how strong is your strength?\" \"I One hand can throw a thousand pounds of big stones across the wall. \"The Hercules answered with confidence. \"Well, I'll test it.\" Afanti said, taking out a handkerchief. \"Please throw it over the wall.\" \"Hee hee, it's almost effortless.\" The Hercules said, grabbing Throw a handkerchief and throw it over the wall. However, the handkerchief fluttered down at his feet. \"Hmm? What a hell!\" Hercules was very strange. \"No, look at me.\" Afanti said, picking up a stone, wrapping it in a handkerchief, and throwing it across the wall. He said happily, \"Smart Avanti, people say that you are the star of wisdom, and I am a strongman. How about our strength?"}, {"nb": 1917, "data": "The spring bamboo shoot sounded a spring thunder, which awakened the bamboo shoots. They broke through the earth, overturned the stones, and emerged one by one from the ground. The spring bamboo shoots are wrapped in light brown coats, like tender dolls. They face the spring breeze, laugh in the sun and grow in the spring rain. One section, one section, and another section. Up, up, up again. The spring bamboo shoot sounded a spring thunder, which awakened the bamboo shoots."}, {"nb": 1918, "data": "Naughty colorful light The sun-grandfather has seven naughty light babies. Their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. Colorful light babies drilled in the clouds and dyed the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. Enough they had played in the sky, they slipped secretly to the ground to play, they slipped onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face became golden golden. They came to the orchard again and clothed oranges. They ran on the grass and rolled, and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, and jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful baby has taken a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asks that they are coming in cyan, and they have become a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful baby came to the vegetable garden, the father-in-law of the sun called them home. Tomatoes and eggplants are in a hurry: \"Leave us beautiful colors!\" The colorful baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the colorful baby heard the father-in-law of the sun shouting again, he hurried to the sky, and there was a colorful glow in the place where they ran. Enough they had played in the sky, they slipped secretly to the ground to play, they slipped onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face became golden golden."}, {"nb": 1919, "data": "Once upon a time, a couple opened a hotel, and because of the cheap wine they sold, the business was booming. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water with the wine and sold it for five yuan more. At night when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her compliment. Who knew that her husband was so angry that his feet were so straight that he cried with headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with only 5 yuan of credibility. Sure enough, their business was not as prosperous as before, and finally finally broke completely. When the wife was impoverished and dying, she shed tears in remorse and said, \"I see ...\" The husband came back at night, and the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her husband's compliment."}, {"nb": 1920, "data": "There is a sika deer and a golden monkey living in the forest than they are, and they both feel that they are more capable. Uncle Elephant said, \"I'll test you two. There is a fruit tree on the other side of the river, and the tree is full of fruit. Whoever of you picks the fruit first, even if you are good at it.\" Sika thought: \"I run fast, I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The golden monkey thought,\" I have the best ability to pick fruit from the tree. I must be able to pick the fruit first. \"The game began. The sika deer hurried forward, and with a light jump, they crossed the stream. He ran under the fruit tree in a hurry, thinking proudly, \"I'm still good at it.\" But the fruit tree was too high, and he jumped and jumped. At this time, the golden monkey was blocked by the river and couldn't cross the river. It was in a hurry to turn around. Uncle Elephant came over and said, \"If you think of a way, you can pick the fruit.\" They understood at once. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream. The golden monkey soon climbed up the tree and picked the fruits. Together they gave the fruits to the elephant uncle. Uncle Elephant asked: \"Who are you capable of?\" Sika deer and golden monkey. Look at me, look at you, and laugh. The sika deer picked up a golden monkey and crossed the stream."}, {"nb": 1921, "data": "One day, roosters and ducks are better than anyone. They are better than running. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up. The cock proudly said to the ducks, \"You can believe that I am great!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swims fast and steadily. The cock is covered with water and almost drowns. The duck also proudly said to the rooster, \"In the end, my ability is great.\" No one is convinced by them. The cock flew in a row and dropped the duck a long way. When the duck swayed, it couldn't catch up."}, {"nb": 1922, "data": "The walking moon Xiaoyanyan likes to go to her grandmother's house. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim night path. Suddenly, Xiaoyanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did the moon follow us to grandma's house?\" The mother said, \"The moon loves Xiaoyanyan. Wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon follows.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought \"Mom, let's go back.\" \"Why?\" Mom was surprised. \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ...\" Mom laughed. He said, \"Good boy, the moon loves your dad, too, and there is a moon on the dad's side.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused. She thought, \"How many moons are there in the sky?\" \"The moon has gone with us, and Dad has no moon ..."}, {"nb": 1923, "data": "Mi Jia 's Diary In winter, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh, and skated with her partners on the river. He happily wrote down his diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He wrote his diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, picks wild fruits, and turns around in the shade. He wrote his diary happily: \"Summer is so happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the apples in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are Huang Chengcheng. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is lovely, I hope it will always be autumn.\" He wrote a diary happily: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring."}, {"nb": 1924, "data": "A seed sleeps in the dirt. When he woke up and felt very warm, he held his body up. It was a little thirsty. After taking a sip of water, it felt very comfortable, and it held up its body. The spring breeze was blowing gently. The seed asked the earthworm: \"What's the sound outside?\" The earthworm said, \"That's the spring breeze. The spring breeze is telling us to go outside.\" \"What's it like outside? Is it so dark?\" \"No, it's bright outside.\" Earthworm As he said, he was digging out, \"I'll help you loosen the soil, so you can dig out.\" Seeds were very happy when they heard it, and they stood upright again. The spring breeze is singing, the springs are singing, the birds are singing, and the children are singing. When Seed heard that it was very lively outside, he quickly said, \"Ah, I'm going out!\" Seed held her body upright, and her eyes suddenly lighted up, ah, a bright world! Seed asked the earthworm: \"What's the sound outside?"}, {"nb": 1925, "data": "Riding a bike I used to ride a four-wheeled stroller before, so I think a two-wheeled bike is also a piece of cake. I didn't wait for my mother to speak, I couldn't wait to get on the car, but I couldn't hold it and fell off. My mother laughed and said, \"I can't eat hot tofu in a hurry, but I'll help you practice a few laps.\" After I learned the lesson, I carefully re-ride the car. Riding a bike I used to ride a four-wheeled stroller before, so I think a two-wheeled bike is also a piece of cake."}, {"nb": 1926, "data": "A white jade rabbit lives in the jade rabbit and its wish moon palace. It has a wish: want to make the moon like the earth, there are all kinds of animals. One day, he sneaked out of the moon palace, drove his little spaceship to a meadow, and saw bees and butterflies. \"Little bee, little butterfly, let me take you to the Moon Palace to play!\" Yutu said to them with a wave of hands. The jade rabbit brought the bees and butterflies to the moon, but there was no air or gravity on the moon, and there was no way for the bees and butterflies to live here. Yutu had to send them back. It seems that its wish has not been fulfilled yet. Children, now we must learn the knowledge well, when we grow up, we can help Yutu realize his wish! One day, he sneaked out of the moon palace, drove his little spaceship to a meadow, and saw bees and butterflies."}, {"nb": 1927, "data": "Who lives in the new building on the top floor. Who lives on the top floor? Everyone thought: Grandpa Niu is very old, and it is not easy to move, so he cannot live on the top floor. The pony voluntarily said, \"I live on the top floor, I love to run, and I'm in good health.\" \"No, no. Your footsteps are too heavy, which will affect everyone's rest. Let me live on the top floor. I walk lightly and jump Just went up. \"Said the rabbit. \"No, no! You have long hind legs, short front legs, and it is easy to go downstairs and go downstairs, and you will fall.\" The puppy said, \"Let me live on the top floor. I walk light and fast, without noise.\" \"No No, you live on the top floor, who is the gatekeeper for everyone? You should live on the first floor. \"Xiaohou said,\" Let me live on the top floor, I can climb high and move fast! \"Everyone agreed. The little monkey lives on the top floor. He dangles a rope from the window, slicks up and down, but it's almost up. He also distributes letters and newspapers to every household by the way. The little monkey lives on the top floor. He dangles a rope from the window, slicks up and down, but it's almost up. He also distributes letters and newspapers to every household by the way."}, {"nb": 1928, "data": "Smart bunny Once upon a time, there was a bunny that was smart and cute. But the cruel wolf wanted to kill it. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, and said, \"You pretend to be dead. I managed to fool the little rabbit, and we made some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the bunny's house and stood at the door and shouted, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" Rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard of foxes?\" Asked the wolf. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's wrong with the fox?\" The wolf said earnestly: \"Tell you good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The rabbit did not believe, and went to the fox's house go with. He looked through the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed, with his eyes and mouth closed, as if dead. The bunny thought about it, deliberately put his head into the window, and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox's mouth is always open after I die. I see that the fox is not dead.\" The fox heard it and immediately opened his mouth. . Little Rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to be dead, and shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, Brother Goat, Brother Squirrel, come soon! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was frightened Hurry up, Fei also fled. The little rabbit didn't believe it, and went to the fox's house."}, {"nb": 1929, "data": "In ancient China, there was a beast called \"year\". It has long tentacles and is fiercely abnormal. Every new year's eve it comes out to devour livestock and hurt people's lives. People are very afraid. Later, a fairy told people that sticking red paper on doors and windows and setting off firecrackers would scare away \"years.\" On New Year's Eve, people did what the fairy said, and it really scared them away. Since then, every year on New Year's Eve, every family posted red couplets, set off firecrackers, and the households were brightly lit and stayed up late to guard the age. In the early morning of the first day of the first year, I still have to go to visit relatives and friends. These customs have spread widely and the year has also become the most solemn traditional festival of Chinese folk. Later, a fairy told people that sticking red paper on doors and windows and setting off firecrackers would scare away \"years.\""}, {"nb": 1930, "data": "It 's so nice here on a little desert island that a bear lives. The bear felt lonely and dreamed of playing with many friends every day when he slept. Seeing a cloud floating in the sky, the bear hurriedly asked, \"Clouds and clouds, how can I find my friends?\" Yuner didn't speak, and fluttered into a tree. The little bear understood. He planted and planted many island saplings on the island. One year, two years, the small saplings grew up, and the mountains and the fields were covered with green leaves. A little bird flew up: \"Ah, it's nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds came and all lived here. Fallow deer, baby elephant, baby monkey, all came by boat: \"Ah, this is great! Let's live here!\" The bear was so happy, he kept saying, \"Welcome you Welcome you! \"Winnie was very happy and kept saying,\" Welcome you!"}, {"nb": 1931, "data": "Mother's spring Two tender green leaves are the spring of the earth. A group of lively little fishes is the spring of the sea. The singing bird is the spring of the forest. Growing up in a healthy way is my mother's spring! Growing up in a healthy way is my mother's spring!"}, {"nb": 1932, "data": "Father Sun had a cold one morning in the winter and Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew it, she quickly ran to the animal radio station and broadcasted it loudly: \"The father-in-law of the sun has a cold! Who has a prescription for colds? Please hurry up to send it-\" The first squirrel heard, he was anxious, and quickly got a red Take the leather hat. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time, and his mother made him a ginger soup to drink and healed the cold. So he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox knew it too, and he was busy holding a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. The father-in-sun put on a hat and a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily again, and his face slowly turned red. \"My father-in-law is ill! Father-in-law is ill!\" The little squirrel, the little black pig and the little fox, cried and jumped happily, and kept clapping their hands ... The father-in-law of the sun put on his hat and put on a scarf, After drinking ginger soup, he sneezed heavily again, his face slowly turning red."}, {"nb": 1933, "data": "Xiaohua 's family recently installed a telephone. One day, Grandpa was ill. Dad quickly dialed 120 and the ambulance arrived soon. Xiaohua asked his father: \"It's strange, why did you come by calling the ambulance?\" Dad told Xiaohua: \"120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service telephones like this, such as 110 is a bandit police phone, 119 is The fire alarm number, 114 is the number-checking number, 121 is the weather forecast number, and 122 is the road traffic accident alarm number. \"After listening to Dad's words, Xiaohua thought the phone was really useful. \"After listening to Dad 's words, Xiaohua thought the phone was really useful."}, {"nb": 1934, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking cautiously on a dark road, and regrets in his heart why he did not bring lighting tools when he went out. Suddenly a little light appeared in front of me and gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man with blind eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why do you hit the lantern? Are you afraid of wasting the lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man answered slowly: \"I didn't hit the lantern to take care of others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often do n\u2019t see me, and I \u2019m easily hit by people. And I walk with a lantern. Although the lights do n\u2019t help me see the road ahead, they let others see me. In this way, I am It won't be hit by people. \"The lights illuminate the nearby roads, and the merchants walked a little smoother."}, {"nb": 1935, "data": "The little monkey ate the watermelon. The little monkey ran to the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He picked the next watermelon and ate it. A calf next to him saw him deliver the round watermelon to his mouth, and said to him, \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The little monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" Then he bit down a piece of watermelon rind, chewed without taste, and threw the bitten watermelon angrily to the ground and said, \"Not good! Not good!\" Tell him: \"Who wants you to eat the skin? When eating watermelon, you should eat the crickets inside!\" The monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said, \"No need to teach you!"}, {"nb": 1936, "data": "In the morning of the sun in the fog, as soon as I got up, I hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog was so thick, the thick fog of the sky made the earth hazy and dim. It took a while before the eastern sun rose slowly. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, and it didn't shine at all. The fog slowly rises in the sun, rises, and gradually dissipates. The sun slowly rises and rises, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the grass leaves glitters like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays, so that the white clouds floating in mid-air become golden and bright in time. After a while, it was dyed rosy again. To the east, half of the sky is red. The scenery is very beautiful. The sun slowly rises and rises, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the grass leaves glitters like pearls."}, {"nb": 1937, "data": "The crow who loves to listen to good things one day, the fox doesn't eat for a day, and his stomach is very hungry. It saw the crow flying in the sky and thought, \"How can I eat a crow?\" The fox pretended to smile, and said to the crow, \"Miss Crow, you are getting more and more beautiful. The walking posture is more beautiful than a peacock!\" The crow loves to be told that it is beautiful, so it flies down and walks up and down before the fox. The fox pretended to be concerned and said, \"Miss Crow, why do you have so few clothes to spend the winter?\" The crow said, \"I just warm my head under the wings!\" The fox said, \"You are so smart! But what about the head? How about digging under the wings? \"The crow was so happy after hearing so much good words. It said, \"I'll drill it for you.\" Then he drilled his head under the wings. The crow 's head had just penetrated into its wings, and the fox said \"What a good thing! What a good thing!\" He rushed up and ate the crow. The crow who loves to listen to good things one day, the fox doesn't eat for a day, and his stomach is very hungry."}, {"nb": 1938, "data": "Little Pigs Go to School Early in the morning, the father-in-law slowly climbed to the top of the mountain and shone the warm sunshine into the little pigs' rooms. For the first time, Robbie, Robin, and Roll did not wake up from their mothers, so they got up obediently. They put on clothes, fold their quilts, and wash their little faces clean. Because, today is a special day-Robbie, Robin, Rock, and Roll are going to school! Alas, why is Rock still not up to bed? Look at him, hiding in the quilt with his buttocks, no matter what the sun father Scratching his little feet, he refused to get up. Does Rock want to go to school? Father Pig is here. It pats Rock's head, and asks, \"Rock, why don't you get up?\" Rock lifted the quilt, revealing his tiny black eyes, and said pitifully: \"Dad, I don't want to go to school. Jerry's cousin said that going to school is not fun at all. He can't play games or toys. He is not allowed to talk or disturb during class ... This is terrible. I don't want to go to school.\" Robbie scratched his head and wondered, \"But cousin Jerry also said that he can make many new friends at school, and can also learn to sing, write, and calculate ...\" Father Pig said with a smile: \" Rock, haven't you always dreamed of being an astronaut? No knowledge is not enough! Love to learn is a good boy who can be praised by others to realize your dream! \"Rock crooked his head, thinking about it, Think about it right ... whispered, \"I want to go to school.\" Dad and its four baby pig. See how happy they are, singing while walking: \"Do la la, do la la la la la ...\" \"Rock lifted the quilt and exposed his tiny black eyes, and said poorly,\" Dad, I don't want to go to school."}, {"nb": 1939, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three naughty little girls. Girl Ray likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The girl in the rain likes to play with the water, wash the green trees, wash the green grass, and wash the face of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with her breath, blowing her branches, blowing grass, and blowing forward in spring. Ah, spring is back. Spring mother brought three capable little girls. Mother Chun came back and brought three naughty little girls."}, {"nb": 1940, "data": "Spring water is dripped little by little on a large stone. Stone said to the spring, \"You weak, don't touch me!\" Spring said, \"Do you say I'm weak? I want to make a hole in your body!\" Stone said with a smile: \"You really have Such a great skill? Then come and fight. \"Quan Shui said,\" Okay! Look at it! \"It dripped little by little, dripped year after year, and after many years, really hit the stone A hole. \"It dripped little by little. After years and years, after many years, it really made a hole in the stone."}, {"nb": 1941, "data": "After spending a year, Russian writer Gorky recuperated on an island in Italy. His ten-year-old son followed his mother to visit his father. The son planted some flower seeds in the yard where my father lived. Soon, he returned to China with his mother. In spring the flowers sprout and grow leaves, and soon the flowers are in full bloom. Gorky looked at the blooming flowers under the window, and was very happy, so he wrote a letter to his son, which means: You are gone, but the flowers you planted are left. I looked at them and thought to myself: My good son left something as beautiful on the island as flowers. If you leave people with beautiful things no matter what time and place, like flowers, good thoughts, and very good memories for you, how happy your life is! At that time, you will feel that everyone needs you. You know, \"giving\" is always better than \"getting\". Gorky looked at the blooming flowers under the window, and was very happy, so he wrote a letter to his son, which means: You are gone, but the flowers you planted are left."}, {"nb": 1942, "data": "Why don't bats go to the meeting? In the big forest, there are all kinds of birds. They choose the peacock as the bird king. Bats also live in this forest. Once the bat had just returned to the cave and was preparing to sleep, the peacock came. It said happily: \"Bat, tomorrow we will have a bird meeting, you will come too!\" \"Me?\" Bat said with a smile, \"How can I attend your bird convention? I am a beast!\" \"You are Beast? The beasts I saw were all crawling on the ground. You have wings and can fly in the sky, are n\u2019t they like us? \u201dThe peacock was angry, and the bat hurriedly explained,\u201c My wings are different from yours .Look, there are no feathers on it! \"The bat opened its wings to show the peacock. Really, its wings are just a thin layer of skin, with hands and feet attached to it, and its wings are light, without a feather. Suddenly \"squeaked\" for a while, the peacock took a closer look. It turned out that the little bat was crying. It was lying in the arms of her mother and was breastfeeding! The peacock is very strange. The bat said, \"Look, this is where we are different from you! My children were born as little bats. They all grew up eating my milk. Your birds are all eggs and hatched birds. Besides We still have teeth, and you don't have them! \"\" Oh! I'm wrong, sorry! \"Peacock said, flapping his wings and flying back. You see, there are no feathers on it!"}, {"nb": 1943, "data": "Mom planted several grapes on the grass in front of the door. A bunch of agate-like grapes hung under the green leaves. They were red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, and beautiful. Dad 's face was filled with joy of a good harvest. A bunch of agate-like grapes hung under the green leaves. They were red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, and beautiful."}, {"nb": 1944, "data": "Once upon a time, a couple opened a hotel, and because of the cheap wine they sold, the business was booming. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water with the wine and sold it for five yuan more. At night when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her \"secret\" that she would get her compliment. Who knew that her husband was so angry that his feet were so straight that he cried with headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with only 5 yuan of credibility. Sure enough, their business was not as prosperous as before, and finally finally broke completely. When his wife was impoverished and dying, she wept with regret and said, \"I see ...\" While crying, he said to his wife that the most precious thing is to talk about credibility, and you put our most valuable thing in credibility Five yuan was sold."}, {"nb": 1945, "data": "In the ancient times, people tried to eat all kinds of herbs and used Xuan medicine to cure diseases. People ate wild melon and fruits, and ate clams. At that time, people did not have common sense of hygiene, and often people died of poisoning and illness, and their life span was very short. Yan Emperor Shennong's \"Xuan medicine cures the disease\", heal the wounds, and prolong the life of the people. He traveled mountains and rivers, traveled to the land of Sanxiang, tasted hundreds of herbs, and learned about the medicinal properties of the herbs. In order to find a good cure and detoxification for the people, he tried almost all plants. Shennong identified Baicao in the course of tasting Baicao and discovered many traditional Chinese medicines that have curative effects, health and health care. Shennong healed the people's illness, so the people called him \"the medicine god.\" Shennong identified Baicao in the process of taste Baicao and discovered many Chinese medicines that have curative effects, health and health care."}, {"nb": 1946, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hills, and the hills hold beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field offers tender green grass; touch the river, the river song that Xiao He starts to listen to ... the magical hand of spring wind, I also helped the children to take off the thick large cotton jackets, and let them laugh and run on the spring ground ... Touch the field, and the field offered tender green grass;"}, {"nb": 1947, "data": "Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to stop on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red paws hold the reeds tightly. Its color is very bright, and the feathers on its head are like an olive-colored turban, embroidered with emerald green patterns. The feathers on the back are like a light green coat, and the feathers on the abdomen are like an auburn shirt. It is small and exquisite. Underneath a pair of translucent and flexible eyes, there are a pair of pointed and long mouths. The kingfisher's song is crisp, and love flies against the water. In a blink of an eye, he stopped lightly on the reed stalk. It watched motionlessly at the water surface with microwaves, waiting for the small fishes to swim up to the water surface. The feathers on the back are like a light green coat, and the feathers on the abdomen are like an auburn shirt."}, {"nb": 1948, "data": "Little saplings, line up, greening the motherland is busy. Go to the street and stand on both sides of the road, hold up the green umbrella on the street. Go to the field station wind outlet to block the wind and sand to protect the harvest. Go to the desert and stand firm. The desert is green. Go to the barren hills and settle down, and the barren hills are wearing green. Go to the barren hills and settle down, and the barren hills are wearing green."}, {"nb": 1949, "data": "Butterflies Gift Today, my good friend Wang Jing and I went to play after having lunch. I saw a butterfly resting on the flower and walked lightly. I reached out and grabbed it. Unfortunately, the speed was too slow and the butterfly escaped. But Wang Jing caught a butterfly. She said to me, \"I'll give it to you.\" I quickly said, \"Thank you.\" I pinched the wings of the butterfly with my fingers. I took a closer look. This butterfly is very beautiful, especially its wings, just like the flowers blooming in spring. I wanted to take it home, but I thought about it: butterflies also have life, and they should be allowed to live freely in nature. Thinking of this, I let this little creature return to the blue sky. At this time, I looked at my hand again, and the silver-white powder was left on it. I thought, maybe this is the gift that the butterfly left me. At this time, I looked at my hand again, and the silver-white powder was left on it. I thought, maybe this is the gift that the butterfly left me."}, {"nb": 1950, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family, who spent three spring and autumn with me and forged a deep friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird. Its appearance is very beautiful. It has a brown-yellow pointed mouth, a pink tongue, and its eyes flicker like two stars. The head and body feathers are blue and black, and the black hairs on the wings carry several long feathers. The feathers on the belly are snow-white; the beautiful long tail always tilts upwards. The head and body feathers are blue and black, and the black hairs on the wings carry several long feathers, and the feathers on the belly are snow-white;"}, {"nb": 1951, "data": "Peacock, myna and hen Once upon a time, there was a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. The peacock first ran to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you! I look the best, open my tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the myna came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you Let's be together! My mouth is the most clever. Whatever you say, I will say what you want to hear. \"At this moment, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen, \"What's your skill?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither beautiful nor my mouth good. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"A down-to-earth egg is more precious than playing with a hundred beautiful feathers and saying a thousand good words. Hard-working hens, you are welcome to live here.\" The peacock and myna listened to the farmer's words , Sorry to go. \"At this moment, a hen came."}, {"nb": 1952, "data": "The crow who loves to listen to good things one day, the fox doesn't eat for a day, and his stomach is very hungry. It saw the crow flying in the sky and thought, \"How can I eat a crow?\" The fox pretended to smile, and said to the crow, \"Miss Crow, you are getting more and more beautiful. The walking posture is more beautiful than a peacock!\" The crow loves to be told that it is beautiful, so it flies down and walks up and down before the fox. The fox pretended to be concerned and said, \"Miss Crow, why do you have so few clothes to spend the winter?\" The crow said, \"I just warm my head under the wings!\" The fox said, \"You are so smart! But what about the head? How about digging under the wings? \"The crow was so happy after hearing so much good words. It said, \"I'll drill it for you.\" Then he drilled his head under the wings. The crow 's head had just penetrated into its wings, and the fox said \"What a good thing! What a good thing!\" He rushed up and ate the crow. When he saw the crow flying in the sky, he thought, \"How can I eat a crow?"}, {"nb": 1953, "data": "I gave my grandmother a four year old deer is a lovely child. In the morning, she saw the sun coming in from the east window, shining brightly across the room. The deer came to the grass, the golden sun shone on the earth, the purple wild flowers were fragrant, and the \"cricket\" bird sang cheerfully. Deer thought happily: ah, what a great sunshine, I will take it back as a gift to grandma! Deer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home. Lu'er's grandma's legs were broken and she couldn't leave the house. She always said: \"How much I want to see the sunshine!\" Luer ran to the grandma's room as soon as she came home and called: \"Grandma, I will bring you a present Now, look, this is the sun! \"Luer said as he unrolled the apron and saw, the sun in the apron was gone. Luer pouted his mouth, and said unhappyly, \"Why is it gone? Where did you go?\" Grandma looked at Luer's expression and said happily, \"It doesn't matter. My good baby, the sun is running Go to your heart. Grandma has received your gift. \"Luer wrapped the sunlight tightly in his apron and went home."}]}