{"all_data": [{"nb": 1, "data": "Sheep rushed out of the gate and jumped towards the boundless grassland. The herdsmen stepped on the horses and chased the happy sheep. In the distance, flocks of sheep flutter like white clouds, the shepherd's singing echoes under the blue sky."}, {"nb": 2, "data": "There is a little flower cat in my family. It is covered with long hairs, black and white are really beautiful. It has a pair of round eyes, like a glass ball, it will glow green at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. As long as there is a little sound, the ears will stand up. It also has a furry tail, and when happy, it swings from side to side, like a flower stick. The little cat's nose has a very sensitive sense of smell, and Lao Yuan has a fishy smell, and it can also smell. There are five small meat pads on its feet. They are soft like quilts. They walk quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute."}, {"nb": 3, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 4, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, its effect is great! Scales are the \"bone\" of fish sauce on the outside of the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor. It has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent the bacteria in the water. The scales of the back and the abdomen are not the same color, the back is dark, and the abdomen is light. Fish scales grow slower in winter and darker in color; fish scales grow faster and lighter in summer. The shape of the fish scale is also different, there are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped!"}, {"nb": 5, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 6, "data": "Tick, tick, and rain. The seed said, \"Come on, it's on, I want to germinate.\" Li Shu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want to flower.\" Mai Mu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want Grow up. \"The child said:\" Let's go, let's go, I want to grow melon. \"Tick, tick, it's raining"}, {"nb": 7, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. Chunhua said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a la la song. When Spring Doll said something to Xiaohua, Xiaohua opened her red mouth. Chunhua said something to Dayan, and Dayan flew home from the south. The capacity of a spring doll is so great that everything in the world listens to it!"}, {"nb": 8, "data": "Childishness is not spring, not summer, where are the fireflies? A few points, a few stars, flew from the west of the village to the east of the village. No flowers, no grass, where is the little bee? In front of the mountain, behind the mountain, step by step ... walked in. It turned out that there were several small rural children with lanterns running around, chasing stars on the frozen river ..."}, {"nb": 9, "data": "Three monks legend In ancient times, a lively and smart little monk came to a temple on the mountain. At first, he picked water diligently. Not only did he drink enough, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle lived. Soon, a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk about drinking water and carrying water. No one was willing to suffer a loss, so the two discussed to carry the water together. Later, a fat monk came again. All three monks had to drink water, but none of them was willing to carry more water. Within two days the water tank was exposed. The willow branches in the net bottle also withered from the lack of water. One night, while all three monks were dozing, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the small temple caught fire. During the crisis, the three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly extinguished. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again, and the three monks happily held the large bowl of drinking water, and the willow branch in the net bottle was restored to life."}, {"nb": 10, "data": "Forest, hello one tree, two trees, many trees. Holding hands, side by side, a green ocean. Hello, green big forest! Hello, green big forest! The little bird said, \"The forest stretches out the green umbrella, this is my home.\" The little deer said, \"The tent is set up in the forest. This is my home.\" Hello, green big forest! The sand said that the forest is a wall, let us obey and not run around. The rain said, the forest is a reservoir, let me stay!"}, {"nb": 11, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 12, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 13, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 14, "data": "The plane flies really high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on them opened. The colors of the umbrella bag are red, yellow, blue, and green. What a beautiful look!"}, {"nb": 15, "data": "They shed tears in the dense forest where some small animals live, and they live happily. Suddenly one day, a lot of people came from the forest. They sawed down a big tree. The little animals ran around in panic. The panda said: \"I have no bamboo to eat.\" The snake said: \"I have no place to hide.\" The bird said: \"I have no place to lay a nest and lay eggs.\" As they said, they all shed sad tears."}, {"nb": 16, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 17, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 18, "data": "The little tropical fish looks pretty. It has a triangular shape, a golden body, and black markings. The tail is black, but also a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head and a pointed mouth with small bubbles spitting out. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 19, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 20, "data": "I will change. As soon as the sun is shining, I become a gas. Ascending to the sky, I became countless tiny dots again, connected in a piece, floating in the sky. Sometimes I wear white clothes, sometimes I wear black clothes, and in the morning and evening I put a red robe on my body again."}, {"nb": 21, "data": "My bed is a small boat. My bed is like a small boat. The babysitter helps me step into the cabin. She put me on sailor's clothes and sent me to sail in the dark. I stood at the bow of the boat, saying goodbye to all my friends on the shore. I closed my eyes and sailed, and I no longer heard or saw anything. Sometimes, I put things on the bed, like the thoughtful sailor, take a whole piece of wedding cake, or take a few toys together. All night, we sailed at the helm, and finally, the boat drove into the daytime. I found that my boat was close to the pier and returned to my room safely."}, {"nb": 22, "data": "In the past, the fox had two pairs of twins, big fat and small fat. They are always arguing all day long. One day, on the way to grandma's house, they found a piece of bread. They were afraid that the other party would eat more, so they kept arguing. A fox came, and it said: \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divides the bread into one big and one small, and the big fat little fat said: \"Not fair.\" The fox said: \"This is not easy to do \"The fox took a bite of the big one, and the big one became small. Big fat and little fat still feel unfair, and the fox bites the bigger one again. In this way, the fox bites around, and in the end, the bread is almost completely eaten by the fox. The fox slipped away quietly taking advantage of the stunned effort of the brothers. Only then did the two brothers realize that they were fooled by the cunning fox and regretted it."}, {"nb": 23, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 24, "data": "Avanti eats watermelon. Several people want to tease Avanti. Ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and they ate and laughed as they ate watermelon. Those people secretly left Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon skins behind Afanti and said, \"Oh, so many melon skins, how much watermelon Afanti ate! He must be greedy!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said without hesitation: \"It seems that I'm not as greedy as you. How could you even eat the melon peel?\""}, {"nb": 25, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 26, "data": "In the blue sky, white clouds floating like cotton wool float. Yuner wanders carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changes shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west is running vigorously forward, and after a while, it merges into the clouds. A moment later, a large butterfly flew from a distance, and it slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud."}, {"nb": 27, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and painted. I first drew a piece of forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forest is green and the trees are very dense. I drew the blue sky above the forest again. There are white clouds floating in the sky. Then, I drew a few birds in the forest with yellow feathers and pointed mouths, which is very interesting. Finally, I gave the picture a name: \"The Bird's Home\"."}, {"nb": 28, "data": "In summer, where do you live in winter? In winter, you get into the closet and climb on the hanger. Leather caps, fleece sweaters, sweaters, and gloves are with them. In summer and winter, they hid in the storage room, where they slept quietly in a pile with skates, sleds, and snowboards. In the summer, he lived in a cold drink shop, and accompanied him with sorbet and chocolate ice cream. When the snowflakes flew again, shaking in the winter and coming out of the closet, he hid in the storage room in the summer. Will you hide in a cold drink shop in summer? We don't even know this-in winter, the cold drink shop locks the door."}, {"nb": 29, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 30, "data": "It is really strange that Mr. Fox sent his son to school. Teacher Owl asked the little fox to make a sentence with \"Really Strange\". Outside the window of the classroom, Mr. Fox and his parents looked around. The little fox said triumphantly: \"My dad showed his fangs when he was eating chickens at home, so terrible; when my dad smiled outside, he couldn't see any fangs, it's strange!\" Mr. Fox went mad and exposed Mouth full of fangs. Then, he immediately closed his mouth tightly, showing a moving smile. Parents around couldn't help wondering: \"That 's weird!\""}, {"nb": 31, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 32, "data": "Duck fishing one evening, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I didn't have bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that there was a small lard lump left in my hunting bag. I immediately pulled out the lard and quickly tied it to a long, thin rope, and then threw the rope into the water. The wild duck saw the lard and swam over immediately. A greedy wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, it passes through the duck's intestine very quickly after it enters the duck's mouth and slips out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild duck was put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over and swallowed this lard one by one, and they were put on my rope one by one, and within 10 minutes, all the ducks were like beads Put it on. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was very tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me to the sky. Without any hassle, I made a rudder with my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my house."}, {"nb": 33, "data": "The plane flies really high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on them opened. The colors of the umbrella bag are red, yellow, blue, and green. What a beautiful look!"}, {"nb": 34, "data": "The children in their hometown love their hometown. They drew their beautiful hometown with paintbrushes. Yangyang's hometown is by the sea, and the sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of the mountains is in the mountains, the mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. The plain hometown is on the plains, the plains he painted are so beautiful, golden rice, white cotton, and a large green vegetable field. The original hometown is the grassland. The grassland he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very high."}, {"nb": 35, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 36, "data": "In the spring of Guozigou, the Guozigou in Xinjiang is full of flowers. In addition to the colorful wildflowers on the hillside, there are also apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Bunches, clumps, patches, red and glamorous, blue and shining, white and gleaming, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there are fewer flowers and more fruits. Red, green, yellow, one by one, one after another, clusters, clusters, like stars, covered mountains and hills, not at a glance. Guozigou is really a good place with many flowers and many fruits."}, {"nb": 37, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 38, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 39, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small tree is also sprouting. The little horse is here, stepping on the grass, and the little bear is coming, shaking the little tree. The little monkey came and removed the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends. Please go away.\" The little bird came, catching insects, the bees came, and spreading pollen. The children came and watered. Flowers, trees and trees said with a smile: \"We all like such friends, you stay.\""}, {"nb": 40, "data": "Why the morning and evening sun is so special The red sun rises early in the morning or when it is about to fall in the evening, it is always red, like the cute faces of children. It turns out that the atmosphere dyes the sun: red. The sun's light is composed of 7 colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple. When these 7 colors of light are lined up neatly together When it appears, we see white light. We know that there is a thick atmosphere around the earth. There are a lot of dust and small water droplets in this atmosphere. When the sun hits the earth, we must cast it first. Through the atmosphere, the naughty little guys such as dust and small water droplets will spread the sun light, or simply block it back. In the morning or evening sun, almost only the red and orange lights bravely break through the atmosphere that blocks them, and enter Our eyes, so the sun we see in the morning and evening is always red."}, {"nb": 41, "data": "When autumn came, the goat teacher brought small animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. Teacher Goat said: \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you, what color do you like?\" The little bear said: \"I like gold, because the rice is golden and golden, it brings us a bumper harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said: \"I like red because the apples are red. The red apples are fragrant and sweet, symbolizing enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said: \"I like purple because the eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobility.\" The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautifully dresses our world!\""}, {"nb": 42, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 43, "data": "She quickly wiped a large set of matches to keep her grandmother. A large set of matches emits a strong light, which shines as brightly as during the day. Grandma has never been as tall and beautiful as it is now. Grandma picked up the little girl and hugged her in her arms. The two of them flew away in the bright light of joy, flying higher and higher, to a place where there was no hunger, no cold, and no pain."}, {"nb": 44, "data": "Lantern watching today is the Lantern Festival. After dinner, I followed my mother on the street to watch the lantern. Along the way, all kinds of small colored lights dazzled people. Look, the colorful lights are shining like small stars with blinking eyes. The white jade lamp is more striking. It rises into the sky like a moon in the sky and illuminates the road brightly. The colorful neon lights are bright and colorful, which makes the pedestrian street very beautiful. The most fascinating thing is the lights under a few big trees. At the beginning, I was still thinking, it is still early spring, how come the leaves on these big trees come so close together, the light under the tree is green. The light, the green, the green, reflected on the big tree, and the leaves of the tree immediately turned green, like a layer of jade."}, {"nb": 45, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 46, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 47, "data": "The rustling footsteps of the spring girl were close. The infinitely bright spring colors on the fields dress up the river even more enchanting. The grass on the shore somehow sneaked out of the soil secretly and danced lightly in the spring breeze. The grass looked like a green carpet in the sun. The children were sitting on it, lying down, and some were rolling. The little lamb jumped beside his mother \"bleep\". On both banks of the river, rows of weeping willows, with tender green shoots, cuckoos, magpies, jumping on the branches, singing a clear and graceful song, weeping willow branches stretched into the defrosting stream, as if to wash away the cold in winter. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled, and the green trees and green trees reflected in the water expanded and contracted, and gathered together, and scattered, like naughty fish swimming there."}, {"nb": 48, "data": "Summer night Quietly summer night, the moonlight shone into the small courtyard. Under the big tree, there is an old grandpa taking a cool ride. Not far from the old man, there is a little cat. After a while, the grandfather raised his hand to support the tree trunk, and slowly stood up, stretched out and walked into the room. A child in the room fell asleep, and beside the child, there was a picture that had already been drawn. In the middle is a pond; there are a few lotus flowers in the pond, which are not yet open; a dragonfly squats on it, transparent wings spread out; in the distance, He Miao nods in the wind; an ancient poem is written beside the painting: Xiao He Cai Exposing sharp corners ..."}, {"nb": 49, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 50, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 51, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 52, "data": "The autumn wind looks like a huge paintbrush. It painted the sky blue, dyed the rice fields a golden yellow, painted sorghum as a burning torch, painted persimmon as a small red light, and portrayed the willow leaves like swinging naughty kids . You see, the leaves that swing on the swing sway with the wind, and then flutter to the ground lightly."}, {"nb": 53, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 54, "data": "Fireworks \"bang, bang, bang\", with a burst of roar, a bunch of fireworks flew into the night sky, I quickly looked up, ah, how beautiful! \"Red Link Star\" bloomed in the night sky, reflecting a piece of fiery red in the night sky. With the sound of \"cracks and pops\", countless strings of small sparks on a parachute hung over the sky, fluttering lightly and slowly, just like the lanterns on the sky full of festival lights. \"Boom,\" another loud noise, another string of fireworks rose up, and they were shuttled among the lanterns, forming a beautiful pattern."}, {"nb": 55, "data": "Fighting little crab In the blue bay, there is a little crab, which relies on a pair of clips, so it is always good to bully others. The little fish was caught in it and shouted at her mother. The little tortoise was too afraid of him to stretch his head out. Shrimp ran far away when he saw it. Seeing everyone fearing it, the little crab was very proud and raised his head to spit bubbles. Suddenly, it found a small iron rod and thought, \"Who dares to mess with me? See how I hold you!\" \"Haha!\" A little boy cried, \"I caught a little crab.\""}, {"nb": 56, "data": "Xiaohou called and installed a phone at Xiaohou's house. He thought: Now it's really convenient to invite a friend to be a guest at home. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. First he dialed the phone number of the little white rabbit's house. After he connected it, he said, \"Hey, is it the home of the three petal mouth?\" He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat ball player?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the little monkey: \"You are too impolite to call. You don't know how to respect others. Why would anyone come to be a guest?\" The little monkey listened and bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 57, "data": "Winter is a magician. He screamed, and the scarf, the cotton coat, and the gloves all ran out of the closet, and the people on the street became fat."}, {"nb": 58, "data": "Xiaohe Healing Xiaohe loves cleanliness, and everyone likes it very much. One day, the little rabbit saw that Xiaohe's body was dirty, and the river became turbid. The river's body was covered with speckled spots of unknown origin, and flies and mosquitoes \"buzzed\" and fluttered. Little Rabbit asked strangely, \"Xiaohe, what's the matter with you?\" Xiaohe was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Could Xiaohe be sick?\" Thought Rabbit, thinking of the forest pecker as soon as possible! The woodpecker came and looked at it carefully: \"Your friends have stained the river, and find them for treatment.\" Governance! \"The little rabbit heard, and quickly found the lamb, puppy, and piglet. Everyone looked blushed at first glance, and quickly said sorry to Xiao He. It turned out that they poured the dirty things into the stream, how could the stream not get sick?"}, {"nb": 59, "data": "It \u2019s raining, it \u2019s raining! Raindrops, rustle ... the raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to have red flowers. The rain fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to have white flowers. The rain fell on the willow, and the willow spit green buds with joy. The rain fell on the field, and the seeds were happy to pour their mouths. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frog was croaking with joy. Light rain, rustle, decorate the picturesque spring."}, {"nb": 60, "data": "Where is the spray home? Home is in the sea. When does the spray open? Please ask the wind. What color is the spray? Blossoming white as clouds. How much is the spray? Thousands and thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 61, "data": "Wiping the table On Sunday, after my family finished lunch, I said to my dad: \"I will wipe the table today.\" Dad said: \"Okay, but do n\u2019t think it \u2019s a simple thing, but you need to do it well. Tips. \"I said,\" You can rest assured that I will do a good job. \"So, I packed the bowl and chopsticks into the sink, and then picked up a rag to wipe the table. I used a lot of energy to wipe it, but I didn't wipe it clean several times. Instead, I glued the vegetable scraps and some rice grains on the table to the table. Dad saw it, and said with a smile: \"Xiaofan, the way you wipe is wrong, you should wipe in one direction, not in a circle.\" Dad said as he demonstrated. I wiped it again according to my father's instructions ... Soon, the dirty table was wiped clean by me, and it was as bright as a mirror. I can't think of learning how to clean the table. It seems that I really should do more housework!"}, {"nb": 62, "data": "Little snowflakes are snowing. Little Snowflake wore a shiny hexagonal hat and a white coat, facing the gust of wind, spinning in the air, tumbling ... She overcame the obstruction of the north wind big man, and flew to the fields, forests, mountains, villages and towns ... Look, The wheat seedlings in the field shuddered in the roar of the north wind, curling up with their weak bodies frozen. Little Snowflake embraced her tenderly: \"Wheat sprouts, wheat sprouts, I will bring you a quilt.\" The wheat sprouts shed tears of excitement: \"Thank you, dear little snowflake, you always need me It brings warmth. \"After a while, the wheat seedlings were covered with snow-white quilts, thick and soft, and she fell asleep sweetly. Little Snowflakes began to fly again, and she flew far and far away."}, {"nb": 63, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 64, "data": "In autumn, the trees are full of fruits. On the hillside, rows of persimmon trees are lined with persimmons like red lanterns. There is a wild fruit tree on the top of the mountain. These fruits are ripe, with red hawthorn; pea-sized tree heads red; and purple grapes. The most lovable thing is the golden lotus seed. You see its golden body is hidden in the green leaves. There are tiny thorns all over the body, which makes people afraid and like it. If you take a pill and remove the thorn, put it in your mouth to taste it."}, {"nb": 65, "data": "Help the grandmother find the needle one evening. The grandmother sat on the chair and sewed the clothes carefully. Accidentally, a needle placed on the needle box by the grandmother rolled under the chair. My grandmother asked me to find the needle, but I didn't find it for a long time. My grandmother said, \"Forget it, forget it. I won't find it. I'll get another one.\" Suddenly, I thought of a magnet in the pencil case. So, I said to my grandmother: \"Grandma, I have a way, I will find the needle.\" I took the magnet in my hand and looked in the direction of the lost needle. \"Ha ha! I finally found it!\" I am a smart boy. I think: I can use the knowledge I have learned to do something for adults."}, {"nb": 66, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 67, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 68, "data": "The scene on the beach is even more marvelous, with a variety of shells everywhere. They are yellow, silver, red, blue ... really colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are like blooming flowers, some are like small fans, and some are like cute little animals, lifelike."}, {"nb": 69, "data": "I am a seed. When spring comes, I will germinate. Thank you for the sun and rain, they helped me grow up. Now, I have grown very tall. In the fall, I will bear the fat fruit, and the farmers are glad to see it!"}, {"nb": 70, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 71, "data": "On the day the baby monkey celebrates his birthday, the baby monkey celebrates his birthday. Neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on his birthday. The silkworm girl brought her clothes made of silk. The monkey said: \"Thank you!\" The bee brought a bottle of honey that he brewed. The monkey said: \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like to eat peaches the most, but I don't accept your gifts. \"The mouse walked away."}, {"nb": 72, "data": "On the afternoon of Saturday, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites over the square! There are golden yellow \"little bees\", snow-white \"swans\", and silver-gray \"pigeons\". They flew freely, decorating the sky above Tiananmen Square colorfully."}, {"nb": 73, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 74, "data": "Autumn dolls write letters Autumn dolls, kindhearted, picking leaves to write letters busy. To whom, to the wild goose, set off for the south. To whom, to the squirrel, prepare winter food quickly. Write to whom, and give the badger a quick hole to build a new house. Write to whom, give you me, wear more clothes and don't catch cold. Write here, write there, the yellow leaves and red leaves are all written."}, {"nb": 75, "data": "Tick, tick, and rain. The seed said, \"Come on, it's on, I want to germinate.\" Li Shu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want to flower.\" Mai Mu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want Grow up. \"The child said:\" Let's go, let's go, I want to grow melon. \"Tick, tick, it's raining"}, {"nb": 76, "data": "If I were a snowflake, if I were a snowflake, when winter came, I would cover the crops with a quilt. If I were a snowflake, when the spring flowers bloom, I would turn it into spring water to irrigate the soil. If I were a snowflake, I would freeze the pests and make the earth clean and tidy. If I were a snowflake, I would dance around the children. Bring them joy. I would like to make a snowflake!"}, {"nb": 77, "data": "On the way, the pony met the old goat, and said to the old goat: \"Grandpa Goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat happily got on the car. Not far away, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. Pony said to them: \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and Rabbit also jumped into the car with pleasure. Everyone said that Ma was really enthusiastic."}, {"nb": 78, "data": "Fireflies Fireflies are small insects that can emit light. Some people in ancient China called it \"night light.\" Fireflies live mainly in the trees and by the river. In the summer night, it flew around in the sky, and the yellow-green light spot at the tail flickered like a small lantern."}, {"nb": 79, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 80, "data": "Big shoes A little elephant wore four big shoes on a swing, and ran, one shoe had a hole in it, and it was thrown hard, and the broken shoe was thrown into the river. The remaining three were useless, \"thump thump\" threw it into the grass. Dudu bear, furry ball, bag and mouse are playing ball together on the grass. The ball rolls and rolls into the grass. Bao Bao Mo went to find it, but did not find it; Mao Maoqi went to find it, but did not find it; Dudu Xiong went to find it, and he did not find it. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? There are three more so big and so round. \"Who's shoes? Who's shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wants. The bag mouse put four small wheels under a shoe and made a small car. It is really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing, which is really fun to wander around. What do doodle bears do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot, plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also ran to play, and saw the baby buggy, the little swing with a furry ball, and the flower of a toot bear. His eyes widened in surprise: \"Unexpectedly, my shoes can be made so much fun Something. \""}, {"nb": 81, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 82, "data": "The song written to my dad is a strong man, can stand me on my shoulder, I can see higher and farther, can hold me ram hammer upside down, it is fun to touch my head on the sofa, can hold me in my hand I am sitting on the sofa, I can pull out the \"radish\" many times, my neck is tired but I feel very irritated. My dad is a big housekeeper. I take care of it every day, and do n\u2019t let me take dirty insects home, eat me without washing my hands, keep me from watching TV every day, keep me from doing homework too close, he let I play outside with children more often, he told me to do things with my chest up, he told me to learn mathematics well, he told me to watch on both sides of the road. Dad is a hilarious pie. He ate down the window and went downstairs after dinner every day and said, \"Oh, hello! I have eaten!\" He wanted to deceive mom and me like this. Step, twisting his butt and twisting his legs, he wanted to make me and my mother laugh like this, he opened the balcony window and laughed and cried when he came back after drinking too much, and he clapped his hands \"papa\", my mom and I called him \" \"Alcohol Madman\". Dad's work is very hard, I want to be filial to him."}, {"nb": 83, "data": "These geese have red beaks, high foreheads, and white bodies. As soon as they saw me, they stretched their necks and nodded as they said, \"Say hello.\" I like playing with them very much."}, {"nb": 84, "data": "Fighting little crab In the blue bay, there is a little crab, which relies on a pair of clips, so it is always good to bully others. The little fish was caught in it and shouted at her mother. The little tortoise was too afraid of him to stretch his head out. Shrimp ran far away when he saw it. Seeing everyone fearing it, the little crab was very proud and raised his head to spit bubbles. Suddenly, it found a small iron rod and thought, \"Who dares to mess with me? See how I hold you!\" \"Haha!\" A little boy cried, \"I caught a little crab.\""}, {"nb": 85, "data": "There are three little goldfish that are very beautiful. They think it is very boring to swim in the water every day. So, they decided to learn a little. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was bitten by a hermit crab and learned a lesson before it began to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"scavenger\" (a nickname for a fish) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so he decided to learn this line. At first it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long to get bored. It said, \"I can't stand the backache every day after cleaning the environment.\" In the end, I could only give up halfway. Article 3: The naughty little goldfish learns to swim with the swordfish. When the swordfish just talked about the essentials of learning to swim, it swam away impatiently, thinking to myself: I have learned these things long before, and there is nothing to learn. A month later, the blister-eyed little goldfish learned something, while the other two little goldfish could only swim around without success."}, {"nb": 86, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 87, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 88, "data": "There is a little tiger in the forest than before, he thinks he is the king of the forest, he has the greatest ability, and he is proud all day long. The ostrich said dissatisfiedly: \"Let's run than run.\" I saw the ostrich running towards the finish like an arrow. The little ostrich won in the cry of the little animals. The little tiger touched his head, and he could not believe that this was true. At this moment, the little monkey climbed down from the tree and said, \"Let's compare it to climbing a tree?\" In the cheering of the little animals, the little monkey climbed to the tree quickly. It also mischievously grimaced at the little tiger under the tree. The little tiger said angrily: \"We are better than running and climbing trees, it is better than swimming.\" The animals came to the river, and the little fish said: \"Let me compare with you.\" He lowered his head, sneaked away, and the animals smiled happily."}, {"nb": 89, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 90, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 91, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 92, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 93, "data": "Mao Zedong divided the firewood and fruit into several portions, one for each person. Everyone took the cow, carried the firewood, carried the basket, and went home happily."}, {"nb": 94, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 95, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 96, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 97, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 98, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 99, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 100, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 101, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 102, "data": "A flock of flies and mosquitoes fluttered on the garbage dump, and another group of mosquitoes flew from somewhere. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump for a day. The fly said aloud: \"Hey, little mosquito, our family of flies is so powerful. Every one of us has two names. When we were kids, we were called maggots. When we grew up, we were called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply: \"I thought What's so great about you, don't you just have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. When I was young, I was called moor, and when I grew up, I called mosquitoes. Great! We all have two names. \"When they were smug, a Miaomiao children's team came and he was holding a\" radar \"spray at them.\" Flapping \", the mosquito flies were all dead. Empty."}, {"nb": 103, "data": "The wonderful starry sky and the quiet night sky look very common, but as long as you observe carefully, you can discover many mysteries. I found that the stars are divided into groups. Some are like a reversed \"2\", some are like a pegasus, and some are like a violin. Recently, I have also met the \"Mom\" of \"Little Bear Constellation\"-\"Big Bear Constellation\". She is composed of seven stars, like a spoon, and there is a bright star on the handle of the spoon, which is Polaris. How wonderful is the starry sky."}, {"nb": 104, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 105, "data": "In front of the village there is a crooked river, and the river slowly flows eastward. There are fields and green hills on both banks of the river, with wild flowers of various colors on the hillside. There is a white stone bridge over the river, and many people are walking on the bridge."}, {"nb": 106, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 107, "data": "Mom, don't say I am young, I will dress and wash my feet. Dad, don't say I'm young, I will wipe the table and sweep the floor. Mom and Dad are busy with work, and I do a lot of things."}, {"nb": 108, "data": "In the colorful paintings of the children's art exhibition, I saw a painting with no color and extremely simple lines. It was a painting of a blind child. On the white paper, with a ball-point pen, a sun was drawn, shining on a hut. There was a stream in front of the hut, and a tall tree. A few strokes outlined a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who has walked here will stop and look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. They not only looked at the picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind boy through the picture."}, {"nb": 109, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 110, "data": "Blue dragonfly and fat frog A blue dragonfly stopped on a lotus leaf. He was thinking about something. A fat frog didn't see the blue dragonfly. He jumped hard on the lotus leaf. The blue dragonfly flew with fright. The fat frog was very embarrassed. He said, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!\" The blue dragonfly was not angry. He said, \"Little frog, I would love to make friends with you.\" \"Why?\" Asked the little frog strangely. \"Because you know how to be polite.\" The blue dragonfly flew to the fat frog. \"Thank you, I am also very willing to make friends with you!\" The fat frog said with a smile, \"You are not angry with me, forgive me, which makes me very happy.\" In this way, the blue dragonfly and the little frog became good friends ."}, {"nb": 111, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 112, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 113, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 114, "data": "Some of the mothers of the earth do not love the children of the mothers of the earth. They cut trees, fold flowers, and destroy the grass. Mother Earth lost her child, she was naked, basked by the sun, and blown by the cold wind. After some days, Mother Earth became ill, her skin cracked, she gradually lost her luster, and the world became gray. Mother Earth hopes that we can cherish her and restore her glory."}, {"nb": 115, "data": "The Banana Forest Primary School held an intellectual contest, and many animals came to participate. The elephant teacher came up with a question: How did the three people eat two bananas in a short time? The Gray Wolf, Fox and Goat teams finished the answer first. They are divided like this. The Gray Wolves cut two bananas from the middle, and each person ate half of the bananas. The remaining half were thrown away. No one wants to find it back. The gray wolf thinks this is the fairest. The Foxes simply peeled both bananas. You bite and I bite and eat. After the bananas are eaten, it is fair to say that everyone is within one bite. What about the goats? Also cut the banana in the middle and give it to the elephant teacher first half, and the rest will eat half each. Smart children, which team do you think won the first place?"}, {"nb": 116, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 117, "data": "My aunt sent me a bird with green feathers and yellow mouth, and two eyes flickering, very cute. I put it in a cage, gave it food, and gave it water, but it didn't move at all. I'm in a hurry, I don't know what to do."}, {"nb": 118, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 119, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 120, "data": "Whose tail is long? Whose tail is short? Whose tail looks like an umbrella? The monkey's tail is long. The rabbit's tail is short. The squirrel 's tail looks like an umbrella."}, {"nb": 121, "data": "Seeking friends, the little calf is lonely and wants to find a friend. He posted a \"Call for Friends\" in front of the bullpen. It said: \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, play together, bask in the sun, and learn farming together. Who can? To achieve the above points, welcome to contact ... \"\" The Friends Recruitment Notice \"has just been posted, and everyone is fighting to see it. However, goats, hounds, cats and foals came one by one in excitement and shook their heads one by one in disappointment. \"Alas, the world is so big, why can't even find a friend?\" The little calf complained to the old cow. After listening to the little calf, the old cow smiled and taught him a way. The next day, the little calf posted another \"Invitation to Friends\": \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, or play together, or bask in the sun, or learn farming together. Who If you can do one of them, you are welcome to contact us ... \"As soon as the new\" Friends Announcement \"was posted, it was lively in front of Niulan. Everyone surrounded the little calves. The goat said: \"Let me eat grass with you!\" The hound said: \"Let me play with you!\" Hua Mao said: \"Let me sunbathe with you!\" Ma Ju said: \"Let me learn farming with you \"In a moment, the calf has many friends."}, {"nb": 122, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 123, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 124, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 125, "data": "Fighting little crab In the blue bay, there is a little crab, which relies on a pair of clips, so it is always good to bully others. The little fish was caught in it and shouted at her mother. The little tortoise was too afraid of him to stretch his head out. Shrimp ran far away when he saw it. Seeing everyone fearing it, the little crab was very proud and raised his head to spit bubbles. Suddenly, it found a small iron rod and thought, \"Who dares to mess with me? See how I hold you!\" \"Haha!\" A little boy cried, \"I caught a little crab.\""}, {"nb": 126, "data": "At naughty summer and summer noon, the sun is like a big fireball, hot and hot. The little flower is listless and sad. The grass has also dried up, and the leaves are all rolled up. The road seemed to be covered in a hot coat. The bicycle was parked outside, so hot that the owner dared not even sit. Ugh ! Summer, you are so naughty!"}, {"nb": 127, "data": "In spring, I buried sunflower seeds in the dark mud, and the seeds germinated quietly in the ground. A few days later, tender young buds burrowed out of the ground. The longer and taller the sunflower, I had to look up to see it. In the summer, the sunflowers are blooming, golden. In winter, the sunflower seeds have matured and they are really full."}, {"nb": 128, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 129, "data": "My little grandma is just getting sick. I'll accompany my grandma to bask in the sun. The sun is warm. I changed my grandma's magic, and a small orange was formed, and the round oranges were red, like a little sun. \"Grandma, grandma, I peeled the oranges and we both ate. You have one, I have one; you have one, I have one.\" Grandma ate sweetly and warmed her heart. After eating the oranges, I said, \"The little sun is gone!\" Grandma hugged me, kissed my red face, and said to me, \"This is my little sun.\""}, {"nb": 130, "data": "Autumn girl Grasshopper is still screaming, her throat is dumb. Everyone is looking forward to it, autumn girl is finally here, she flew down with the wild geese from the high blue sky. Burning torches danced in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kissing apple faces in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple------The autumn girl walked all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red. Every footprint was full of our laughter."}, {"nb": 131, "data": "I am a snowman. Winter is here and I appear again. The children like me and are always with me. The weather was very cold, and the bird came to me and stood on my head. I am not afraid of the cold, but only of the heat. As soon as the sun comes out, I will disappear."}, {"nb": 132, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 133, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 134, "data": "The girl in the sky likes to wear colorful clothes. In the morning, Miss Yun was wearing a white dress. In the evening, Miss Yun put on a red dress. When it was going to rain, Cloud Girl was wearing a black dress."}, {"nb": 135, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 136, "data": "The stream flows gently, the grassland is green, the birds fly, the insects jump, the deer runs, the fish swims ... We love nature, and people and animals are friends."}, {"nb": 137, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 138, "data": "Xiaolu doll, crying sadly. Why why? Someone throws garbage everywhere, her face is dirty. Xiaolu doll, smiled happily. Why why? Her face was clean, and sanitation workers swept away the debris."}, {"nb": 139, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 140, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and pounced on the little white rabbit, who was so scared that he ran away quickly. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased closely behind. With a thump, the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with open mouth and drooling, trying to eat the little white rabbit. The little monkey saw it, and it immediately hung upside down on the tree, pulling the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wants to eat the little white rabbit but can't eat it. The little white rabbit was saved."}, {"nb": 141, "data": "I will change. As soon as the sun is shining, I become a gas. Ascending to the sky, I became countless tiny dots again, connected in a piece, floating in the sky. Sometimes I wear white clothes, sometimes I wear black clothes, and in the morning and evening I put a red robe on my body again."}, {"nb": 142, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 143, "data": "The animal weather station for the examination before the rain is about to be enrolled. The examiner is Dr. Frog. The sun is empty, the sky is full of white clouds, and the frog asks the candidates: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer is tortoise. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I feel that my back is getting wet. It's raining in the afternoon.\" The frog said: \"The turtle's back is wet and it rains. You're right.\" The ants said to the frog with their luggage: \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the raindrops followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog and said to the ground:\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" Good The swallows fly low, and heavy rain is coming. \"So, they were all admitted."}, {"nb": 144, "data": "I don't know who threw the broken glass on the road because of the colorful blood, and dozens of earthworms were stabbed while crossing the road. They were also comatose because of excessive bleeding. The situation was very serious. The animals sent the earthworms to the hospital for rescue. Rescue requires a lot of blood, but the blood bank inventory is not enough, so the animals have to be called to donate blood. A long squid swam to the beach to donate blood at a speed, and it could be seen that there was green blood flowing out of the thief, and the result was useless. \"Look at me.\" The transparent prawns somehow got out of the water and bravely extended their arms. As a result, its blood was pale cyan, and it could not be used. Sea crabs and hairy crabs all came to donate blood, and the result was pale cyan blood. A snail also came, and its blood, like milk, could not be used. The snail's cousin is a snail, and its blood is light blue. The blood of small animals is really colorful!"}, {"nb": 145, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 146, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 147, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 148, "data": "The cuckoo's floral skirt cuckoo lives in the tree hole of the old locust tree. Listening to the old locust tree, cuckoo used to have no flower skirt. It flew from east to west, and while flying, it was called \"cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry cuckoo!\" In the spring of the cuckoo's cries, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, high mountain terraces are like colored ladders, and green, pink, and pale blue flowers bloom on the green grass. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies come to dance. The lively river sings songs, and flows happily into the distance. Seeing that spring is so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was so tired that it quietly returned to its nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral dress. \"What's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told Cuckoo: \"Because you diligently call everyone Cuckoo, so Spring Girl and Mother Earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps coming every spring. Call people: \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Hurry Cuckoo!\""}, {"nb": 149, "data": "Mom and Dad and my dad are as tall as a big mountain, Mom is as gentle as water, and I am like a little fish, playing between the mountain and the water. I love my home, I love my father and mother. Let love live in my house forever."}, {"nb": 150, "data": "\"Eye\" and \"Sunny\" one day, the careless little monkey opened the workbook and found several \"\u00d7\" s on the notebook. It turned out that he wrote \"eye\" as \"Qing\". The little monkey is very sad, but he has no way to distinguish the two words. At this time, the word \"clear\" said to the little monkey: \"Brother Monkey, I am sunny, and there must be a sun on a sunny day, so I am next to the word\" Sun \".\" \"Eye\" interjected and said, \"Brother Monkey, I also It \u2019s easy to remember, who has two eyes, are n\u2019t the two horizontal lines in my \"eyes\" like two eyes? \"The little monkey listened to them and smiled happily."}, {"nb": 151, "data": "The sweet flute little white rabbit intends to grow sugar cane. The little goat said to her: \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" Said the little white rabbit, \"don't forget to eat sugarcane!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil first, and then cut the old sugarcane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. \"The little fat pig came to help her arch the ground, sweat and mud. Little foxes and little monkeys came to help her find fertilizer, and she picked them up one after another. The little white rabbit was so moved that he said aloud, \"Uncle Niu, the little fat pig, the little fox, the little monkey, must come to eat sugar cane when the sugar cane is ripe!\" But in autumn, only one tree grows in the sugar cane field Little sugarcane seedlings. \"I promised my friends to eat sugar cane, but now ... ooh--woo--woo--\" Little White Rabbit cried sadly, her eyes cried red. The little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She chopped down the sugarcane seedlings, digged and emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit played his flute, and the sound of the flute traveled far and far. The little goat heard it; the little fat pig heard it; the little fox and the little monkey heard it; and the uncle Niu also heard it. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is really nice, with a hint of sweetness. We seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed up her three petals, blowing vigorously, blowing ..."}, {"nb": 152, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, \"Mother said:\" The sun is round, red. \"The little rabbit pointed to two red, round lanterns and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"Mother said:\" This is a lantern \"The sun is outside!\" The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed at three round red radishes. \"Is this the sun?\" Mom replied, \"This is a radish. Is the sun in the sky !?\" Little The rabbit raised his head and pointed to the red round balloon floating in the sky and asked: \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon, the sun will shine, you see\" The little rabbit followed her mother's finger Found the sun in the direction. The little rabbit shouted loudly: \"I found it! The sun is red, round, and warm on the body.\""}, {"nb": 153, "data": "In the past, a couple opened a hotel, and the business was very prosperous because of the cheap wines they sold. One day, when the husband went out, the wife secretly mixed water in the wine and sold an extra five yuan. In the evening when the husband came back, the wife proudly told her husband the \"secret\", thinking she would get a compliment from the husband. Unexpectedly, her husband stomped his feet when he heard it, crying with a headache. While crying, he told his wife that the most valuable thing is to talk about credibility. You sold our most valuable thing with a credibility of only five yuan. Sure enough, since then their business is not as prosperous as before, and finally finally completely bankrupt. When her wife was dying of poverty and she was dying, she shed tears in regret and said, \"I understand ...\""}, {"nb": 154, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 155, "data": "In the blue sky, there are white clouds floating like cotton wool. Yuner wanders carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changes shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west is running vigorously forward, and after a while, it merges into the clouds. A moment later, a large butterfly flew from a distance, and it slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud."}, {"nb": 156, "data": "Dream Xiaocao loves dreaming, dreams are green and green; flowers love dreaming, dreams are red; sea loves dreaming, dreams are blue; Yun'er loves dreaming, dreams are white; children love dreaming, dreams are colorful ."}, {"nb": 157, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 158, "data": "There is such a little bear on a small desert island. The bear feels lonely and sleeps every day dreaming of playing with many friends. When the bear saw a cloud floating in the sky, he quickly asked, \"Cloud, cloud, how can I find a friend?\" Yuner didn't speak, and floated to a tree. The little bear understood that he planted and planted many small saplings on the island. In one or two years, the young saplings grew up, the mountains and the wild, and the green leaves became overcast. A little bird flew: \"Ah, it's so nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds flew, and all lived here. In the distance, the little deer, the little elephant, the little monkey, all came in a row boat: \"Ah, it's nice here! Let's live here!\" The little bear was very happy and kept saying: \"Welcome you !welcome!\""}, {"nb": 159, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 160, "data": "Childishness is not spring, not summer, where are the fireflies? A few points, a few stars, flew from the west of the village to the east of the village. No flowers, no grass, where is the little bee? In front of the mountain, behind the mountain, step by step ... walked in. It turned out that there were several small rural children with lanterns running around, chasing stars on the frozen river ..."}, {"nb": 161, "data": "Tomatoes are not only delicious but also nutritious. Its vitamin content ranks first in vegetables and fruits. It also contains malic acid, protein, minerals, etc. In the hot summer, eat a chilled tomato, and quench the thirst and the fever, making people feel comfortable from the mouth to the heart."}, {"nb": 162, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket to prepare for the winter. When it saw the sycamore tree shaking, the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"Daddy sycamore tree, it's cold, why don't you grow a lot of leaves, but the leaves fall off, the whole body is bare, isn't it cold in winter? \"The phoenix tree laughed and said,\" Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for winter! \"The little squirrel asked in surprise:\" So, the leaves grow because of the fear of heat? \"\" No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, which is very important! \"\" Then ... \"Little squirrel doesn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again: \"It is a big deal for us to drop leaves. The leaves can distribute moisture. The leaves are dry in the fall. The roots drink less water. As soon as the leaves radiate, we will die if we lack water. You can spend the winter better. \""}, {"nb": 163, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 164, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 165, "data": "I saw a butterfly flying down from the tree. When caught, it was a yellow leaf. I went to the field to pick flowers. The beautiful flowers were colorful. I gently picked one, and the flower flapped its wings. It turned out to be a beautiful butterfly."}, {"nb": 166, "data": "Wedding invitations, Spring Festival couplets, your New Year's couple must post the Spring Festival couplets during the Chinese New Year? Do you know the Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring Festival couplets\" are also called \"couplers\", \"pairs\" and \"door pairs\". It depicts the background of the times with neat, dual, concise and delicate texts, and expresses good wishes. It is a unique literary form in China. Every Spring Festival, whether in the city or in the countryside, every household must select a pair of red spring couplets to be posted on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of Spring Festival couplets on the Spring Festival started in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of Spring Festival couplets. Depending on where they are used, they can be divided into door centers, frame pairs, horizontal wraps, spring strips, bucket weights, etc. \"Door Heart\" is attached to the center of the upper part of the door panel; \"Frame Pair\" is attached to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal\" is attached to the door beam; \"Spring Bar\" is attached to the corresponding place according to different content; \"Bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", and it is a square diamond shape, mostly attached to furniture and shadow walls."}, {"nb": 167, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 168, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree cried out loudly: \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I'm hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you! Said the Woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm so young and strong, where are the bugs? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warn you, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no woodpecker is willing to help this tree pecker. A few years later, there were more insects in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly."}, {"nb": 169, "data": "The storm was blowing, and the rain was falling down. Looking up close, there is not even a single figure on the street. The white flowers are all water, and they have become a flowing river. There are countless splashes of water on it. From a distance, the buildings and trees are vague."}, {"nb": 170, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 171, "data": "There was a fog in the morning on the mountain road. The road could not be seen clearly in the mountains. The pigs, deer and rabbits were badly damaged. The little rabbit leads the little pig, and the little pig pulls the little deer, pulling the vine, holding the tree, walking the mountain road step by step. Qiufeng's mother-in-law came to help, and \u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014 blew all the mist all at once."}, {"nb": 172, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 173, "data": "The lovely little goldfish mother bought three lovely little goldfish for me today. The three goldfish have different colors. One is black, with two eyes bulging, like two small balls. One is red. Its mouth is round like the letter O in our pinyin. It likes to spit out white bubbles. There is also a colorful one, which is the most naughty, and it always swims first when it is fed with feed. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find out more secrets about them."}, {"nb": 174, "data": "At night, the fireflies carrying lanterns covered the moon with clouds. The hot air on the ground is still evaporating, and the weather is still so hot. We all shook the fan to cool off in the yard. But the fireflies carried small lanterns and flew on the grass. Is it to lead the lost ants, or to light the textile girl who is on the night shift? Or ... fly, fly, fly over the blades of grass, and fly under the big tree, the fireflies are not afraid of heat, and they work hard. Photographs, photographs, small lanterns of fireflies, like stars in the fairy tale world, twinkling twinkling, so charming!"}, {"nb": 175, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 176, "data": "The sun doll who loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she bulged her mouth round, blowing towards the cloud around her, blowing, blowing out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round head melon. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The Sun Doll ran in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus flower, blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... she became more and more happy, one I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew the white cloud into a beautiful white wave in the sea."}, {"nb": 177, "data": "Happy holiday \"June 1\" Children's Day is here, children can be happy! This year's festival is really rich. Some of them have performed programs, some have organized entertainment activities, some have watched cartoons, and have received exquisite gifts! The happiest thing for me is that I became the ceremonial lady of \"June 1\" and presented a red scarf to the uncle Mayor who spent the holidays with us. The mayor uncle said kindly, \"Thank you, children, and wish you a happy holiday!\" I was so happy that I didn't know what to say. \"June 1\" is really happy, and I will never forget it."}, {"nb": 178, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 179, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 180, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 181, "data": "The little white snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds. Snow covered the roof and covered the house with white silver tiles; Snow covered the mountains, and covered the mountains with beautiful white yarn; Snow covered the pine forest, and the pine forest was covered with beautiful flowers ... Ah! The lovely little snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 182, "data": "Seeking friends, the little calf is lonely and wants to find a friend. He posted a \"Call for Friends\" in front of the bullpen. It said: \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, play together, bask in the sun, and learn farming together. Who can? To achieve the above points, welcome to contact ... \"\" The Friends Recruitment Notice \"has just been posted, and everyone is fighting to see it. However, goats, hounds, cats and foals came one by one in excitement and shook their heads one by one in disappointment. \"Alas, the world is so big, why can't even find a friend?\" The little calf complained to the old cow. After listening to the little calf, the old cow smiled and taught him a way. The next day, the little calf posted another \"Invitation to Friends\": \"I want to find a friend. I hope this friend can eat grass with me, or play together, or bask in the sun, or learn farming together. Who If you can do one of them, you are welcome to contact us ... \"As soon as the new\" Friends Announcement \"was posted, it was lively in front of Niulan. Everyone surrounded the little calves. The goat said: \"Let me eat grass with you!\" The hound said: \"Let me play with you!\" Hua Mao said: \"Let me sunbathe with you!\" Ma Ju said: \"Let me learn farming with you \"In a moment, the calf has many friends."}, {"nb": 183, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 184, "data": "My favorite denim jacket I like the denim jacket of Xiaolu Banner. This denim is made of blue and white colors, the collar is semi-circular, the blue and white background is embroidered with two yellow flowers, very beautiful, on the two pockets on the chest There are two small red flowers that look even more beautiful. In the middle of the clothes, there is a straight red zipper. At the lower part of the pocket is a cute Snoopy wearing a purple sportswear with the number 3 written on it. He holds the ball in his hand, wears a purple hat on his head, and wears a pair of black and white sneakers on his feet. The eyes are black and small, like two black beans. There are two thin and long eyebrows on the eyes. A long nose curled outwards, and a small black nose grew on it. The corner of the mouth tilted upward, as if smiling at me. This denim jacket is stretchy. It is most suitable for wearing in spring and autumn. I really like this denim jacket! Because I wear it and it looks very spiritual."}, {"nb": 185, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 186, "data": "My hometown is on the plains. The plains she painted were so flat and so wide. There are golden rice, white cotton, and large green fields. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house and green bamboos behind the house. The little girl running on the field is mediocre."}, {"nb": 187, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 188, "data": "Vegetables are more powerful than vegetable gardens. Vegetables are boasting about their skills. Celery said: \"I am a delicacy, lowering blood pressure is my specialty.\" Spinach said: \"Strengthen physical fitness, prevent anemia, can not do without me.\" Cucumber said: \"beautiful skin to wrinkle, you have to rely on me.\" Carrot said : \"Vitamins can't be lacking, the little ginseng is me.\""}, {"nb": 189, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 190, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 191, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 192, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 193, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 194, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 195, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 196, "data": "In the past, a teacher taught a question to students: see who can buy a thing with not much money and can fill up the study. After school, all the students went to the fair. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study room with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took a candle from his sleeve, and lit it. The candlelight immediately lit up the whole room. Mr. met, and said happily, \"Okay! Okay! Han Yu is really smart!\""}, {"nb": 197, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 198, "data": "The little rabbit Feifei has a pair of long ears, and two big teeth in the three-petal mouth are exposed, and a few long beards are shaking, plus it is wearing a gray long-haired coat, which is attractive! It also has four legs with extremely strong bouncing power, which showed its limelight in the forest games. One day, Feifei went out to play and saw that the kitten \u2019s eyes were like emeralds. When she came home, she asked her mother: \"Mom, mom, why are my eyes red? Look, the kittens' eyes are green and bright. But I ... \"Mother said with a smile:\" You don't understand. We have no pigment in our body, only blood, so the eyes are red, in fact, your eyes are pretty! \"\" Oh, I know My red eyes are not sick, they are normal physiological phenomena! \"Feifei said happily."}, {"nb": 199, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a group of white geese. The sun reflected in the pond, like a bright red balloon. The crescent moon is reflected in the pond, like a crooked boat. The stars are reflected in the pond like many shiny pearls."}, {"nb": 200, "data": "The baby especially likes to look at the window, because the window always changes color. When the window becomes blue, mother said, it is the blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, my mother said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, my mother said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and covered with small silver stones, my mother said, it was night."}, {"nb": 201, "data": "Father Sun had a cold in the winter morning. Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew, she quickly ran to the animal radio and broadcast loudly: \"Sun Grandpa has a cold! Who has a cure for the cold? Please send it quickly-\" The first squirrel heard, he was very anxious and quickly took a red Leather hat sent. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time. His mother cooked ginger soup for him and cured the cold. So, he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox also knew that he was busy with a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. Father Sun put on a hat, put on a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily, and his face slowly turned red. \"Sun Father is sick! Sun Father is sick!\" The little squirrel, little black pig and little fox cried, jumped happily, and kept patting their little hands ..."}, {"nb": 202, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 203, "data": "There are many ways to spread plants. In addition to being spread by human picking, some trees spread seeds by wind, and can spread to far and far places. Some spread by water. Like coconuts, when they mature, the coconut fruit falls in the sea and drifts away with the water. Some rely on birds or other animals to eat the seeds into their stomachs. Because they cannot be digested, they are excreted with feces and spread to all directions, such as pomegranates, cherries, wild grapes, wild ginseng, etc. The pine nuts were taken away by the squirrel when storing winter grain."}, {"nb": 204, "data": "The little crab on the beach practises writing on the beach by the sea. He writes and writes, the words become crooked. Uncle Ocean Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his character. The little crab writes again. Writing, writing, the words have become crooked again. Uncle Hailang came to help him erase the words again. The little crab was not discouraged. He suffocated and began to write again. This time he was a little slower, but he was very careful. This line of words was one after another, and he was written neatly and correctly. Mother Seagull flying by the sea said to her little seagulls: \"Look, how beautiful the words of the little crab are!\" \"Mom, what is he writing?\" Asked the little seagulls. \"What he wrote is: A good boy is not afraid of difficulty.\" Mother Seagull said. This time, Uncle Ocean Wave never washed the word away, but left the word on the beach."}, {"nb": 205, "data": "The peach blossoms bloom in the spring of all seasons, and bees and butterflies all fly. In the summer the lotus blooms and the fish in the pond swims over. Chrysanthemums bloom in autumn, and the swallows fly away and the leaves fall. In winter, plum blossoms bloom and silver snowflakes fall. Flowers bloom all year round, and happiness makes people happy."}, {"nb": 206, "data": "Two years ago, my family \u2019s long tail brought back a little bird from the construction site, with a pair of bright, small eyes, towards me, squeaked, squeaked, as if to say, \"Sister, sister.\" This little Bird, my father called it a pulsatilla; its tail is very long, I gave it a name: \"Long tail\". I really like the \"long tail\" and feed it every day to eat millet and green vegetables. \"Long tail.\" I like cleaning very much. I bathe in a small water tank every day. Look, how interesting it looks like taking a bath! The small head stretched into the water tank, and then slammed backwards, and then combed the feathers with its beak, and its wings were still shaking. \"The long tail\" is the closest to me. Whenever I approach the bird cage, it will make a pleasant scream and open its wings to welcome me. \"Long tail\" has been in my house for two years, and white hair has been changed on the top of my head. It grew up with me."}, {"nb": 207, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 208, "data": "Hua Luogeng Guess the famous mathematician Hua Luogeng in a different way. He got a book. Instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated. He guessed the layout of the book. After considering it, he opened the book. If the author's ideas were consistent with his own guess, he would not read it again. Hua Luogeng's guessing method not only saves reading time, but also cultivates his own thinking and imagination, so as not to make himself a slave of the book."}, {"nb": 209, "data": "What is the New Year? I had a dream. I got on a spaceship and traveled. I asked the stars: \"What is the new year?\" The stars said in a low voice: \"The new year is the new clothes and new hats.\" The moon said loudly: \"The new year is candy and toys.\" The sun said with a smile: \"The new year is happy, the new year is progress \"I understand, the new year is coming, and I grew up a year old. I will be more sensible and competent!"}, {"nb": 210, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 211, "data": "Who is the smartest? There is a king who gives each of the three sons a coin. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw, which did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground, which could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle, and the lit candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest?"}, {"nb": 212, "data": "In early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 213, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 214, "data": "A group of ants was busy outside the house, and the little cock tilted his head and asked: \"Little ant, are you happy?\" The ant replied: \"Our winter food is almost ready, very happy.\" , They kept going back and forth, and the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" Yanzi said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" Everyone is very happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika Deer said:\" Children, happiness needs to be found by themselves. Happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \""}, {"nb": 215, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 216, "data": "The wax plum flower has a yellow face and no flower clothes. Snow is a cotton-padded jacket, and the wind blows the chest. Other flowers are afraid of wind and snow, only Lamei puts on the fragrance."}, {"nb": 217, "data": "Doudou's bad habits Doudou always likes to lick things. He said he wanted to taste the taste of things. His mother told him that it was unhygienic, he didn't listen, and he often grabbed toys and licked. He often said: \"People have said it, it's not clean, it's okay to eat it.\" Mom didn't do anything to him. The bacteria on the plastic elephant were licked into the stomach by Doudou. My stomach hurts! Doudou rolled in pain. Mother saw it and hurried him to the hospital. The doctor said, \"Little Doudou, you will get sick by licking things. Now you have to take an injection to take medicine!\" Little Doudou nodded silently. Since then, Doudou will no longer lick toys. Not only did he not lick things randomly, he also developed the good habit of washing hands and changing clothes frequently. Now that everyone has seen Doudou, they all praise him as a good boy who loves cleanliness."}, {"nb": 218, "data": "Yue Fei Xue Writing Yue Fei When I was young, my family was very poor. He wanted to learn writing, but he didn't have the money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, and there were branches on the sand. He said to his mother: \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said: \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei put the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he used the branch to study and write on the sand every day."}, {"nb": 219, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 220, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 221, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 222, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 223, "data": "Whose feet are best for a day, chickens, ducks, cats, and horses are arguing under the trees about their feet. The chicken said: \"My feet are the best. The long toes are sharp and flexible, and all the ground is for food.\" The duck said: \"My feet are the best. The toes have webs between them, like paddles, swimming It's convenient! \"The cat said,\" My feet are the best. There is a meat pad between the toes and the soles of the feet, and there is long hair. There is no sound when walking. It is inseparable to catch mice! \"Ma said:\" My feet are the most Okay. People nailed me with iron palms, just like putting on iron shoes. Pulling carts to transport things depends on my four feet. \"The old buffalo heard it and walked over and said:\" Don't fight, your feet are good. It \u2019s just that each has its own use, so why fight for whose feet are the best! \""}, {"nb": 224, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 225, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 226, "data": "Autumn creepers There are many creepers planted under the eaves behind the podium of our school. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor. In summer, the tip of the green leaves of a wall is all down, very beautiful. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall becomes a red wall, which is also more beautiful. The bunches of red leaves are like autumn maple leaves, like piles of small flames, like a red butterfly, and like the red sunset on that day. The mountain climbing tiger is in full bloom of bright autumn chrysanthemums and golden canons. All this became the brightest scenery in our school. We ran around under the eaves, playing freely, and the climbing tiger reflected our happy smile. so beautiful ! Parthenocissus in autumn."}, {"nb": 227, "data": "The two husbands had a day, their cousin was eating noodles, and grandpa was drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why don't I have a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought about it and put some noodles on On his lips, he said to Grandpa: \"Grandpa, look, I am old and bearded.\" Grandpa said to his little cousin with a smile: \"We have two husbands here.\""}, {"nb": 228, "data": "People say that the big cock in my house is really beautiful. My big cock has a cluster of cockscombs like a burning flame on his head, which looks very nice. It has a short, pointed mouth under its dark, shiny round eyes. The feathers on its body are light yellow, scarlet, and golden yellow."}, {"nb": 229, "data": "The colorful \"June 1\" festival is today the \"June 1\" International Children's Day and it is our own festival. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags flutter around the school, the students are all energetic, the bright red scarves are particularly dazzling, and the laughter goes straight to the sky. The wonderful program began. See, the trumpeter and the drummer each have their own postures, and each has their own blowing and playing styles. The wonderful programs one after another, the little singers let go of their bright singing voices, and the beautiful songs spread all over the campus. The little girls were dancing in beautiful dresses, the audience watched with relish, and bursts of warm applause burst from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over, the campus gradually recovered calm, and we left the campus reluctantly."}, {"nb": 230, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 231, "data": "There is a radio and television tower beside the Huangpu River in Shanghai. She has a beautiful name called \"Oriental Pearl\". This tower, with the blue sky above it, stepped on the earth with its feet, like a giant. At night, the lights on the tower are all lit, colorful, and very beautiful. The Shanghai Radio and TV Tower is really a beautiful oriental pearl."}, {"nb": 232, "data": "My favorite is rose flowers. The stems of rose flowers are thin and extremely long, and there are many small hard thorns on it. Touch it, and it will pierce you hard. The leaves of rose flowers are oval, with many small teeth on the sides. The most beautiful is that there are many colors of rose flowers, red, white, and yellow. Flowers of various colors are very beautiful when they bloom."}, {"nb": 233, "data": "The proud tiger tiger and the little white rabbit will hold a race and let the little dog be the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way. Looking back to see that the little white rabbit had fallen off by himself, he said to the little white rabbit: \"Let me sleep afterwards and run with you!\" Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the puppy next to him shouted the tiger: \"Little white rabbit catches up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and said, \"It's okay, it can't catch up. I! \"So, it closed its eyes and fell asleep again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy shouted the tiger anxiously: \"Little white rabbit is coming to the end.\" At this time, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late. The little white rabbit crossed the end. The tiger lost the game, and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud!\" The tiger lowered his head in shame."}, {"nb": 234, "data": "The autumn wind looks like a huge paintbrush. It painted the sky blue, dyed the rice fields a golden yellow, painted sorghum as a burning torch, painted persimmon as a small red light, and portrayed the willow leaves like swinging naughty kids . You see, the leaves that swing on the swing sway with the wind, and then flutter to the ground lightly."}, {"nb": 235, "data": "Sheep rushed out of the gate and jumped towards the boundless grassland. The herdsmen stepped on the horses and chased the happy sheep. In the distance, flocks of sheep flutter like white clouds, the shepherd's singing echoes under the blue sky."}, {"nb": 236, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 237, "data": "When Nang Ying was studying in the Jin Dynasty, Che Yin was tireless in learning, but his family was poor and his father could not provide him with good learning conditions. Without money to buy oil lamps, he can only recite poems at night. One night, he was reading articles in the yard. Suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude, and he had an idea. So he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket sewed with white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book. The story of \"Capsule Reading\" is passed on to future generations as a story."}, {"nb": 238, "data": "The little tropical fish looks pretty. It has a triangular shape, a golden body, and black markings. The tail is black, but also a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head and a pointed mouth with small bubbles spitting out. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 239, "data": "Why do we need to paint the trunk with lime water? We often see the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on both sides of the road painted white. This white substance is lime water. The role of this white coating is really quite a lot! First of all, lime water of this concentration can not only eliminate diseases and insect pests, but also kill all kinds of overwintering insect eggs. Secondly, this white coating can prevent frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in early spring before winter. The trunk is very easy to swell and crack when frozen. The white coating can reflect part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, reducing the impact of the temperature difference on the trees. Again, the trunk is painted white, which not only beautifies the environment, but also prevents livestock from eating the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees."}, {"nb": 240, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 241, "data": "Mother is a mountain, tall and steady. Mountain, beauty, tenderness. Mother is a mountain. My mother is a mountain, and I am a tree. The mountain nurtures the tree. My mother loves me very much, love deeply, love really. She was like a mountain, and she did not hesitate to use the trickle of her life to nourish me who is thirsty-a small tree that made me grow leafy. My mother is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares about the tree. Mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, give me comfort, give me hope, give me strength, let me change from cowardice to strong, from childish to mature."}, {"nb": 242, "data": "In spring, the flowers are all blooming. You see, the peach blossoms are red, the pear blossoms are white, and the spring flowers are yellow. The fields are colorful and really like a big garden!"}, {"nb": 243, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 244, "data": "The three best friends in winter, Qingsong, are not afraid of the coldness of winter. There are still coniferous green bushes, and the branches still rise to the sky. Like an old hero, the land is independent and fearless! Green Bamboo is not afraid of the north wind's anger! Ye Xiaoxiao cheered when the wind came, and shook and danced when the wind came. Like a big husband, in the cold wind can still martial arts! Lamei is not afraid of heavy snow flying. The flowers bloom more beautifully than snow, and the flowers have more fragrance than snow. Like a little girl, standing in the wind and smiling slightly!"}, {"nb": 245, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chickens, kittens, bears and monkeys were playing together in the woods. They saw that the puppy was building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we build a house\" \"Okay!\" The lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out.\" \"The kitten said:\" No, no. I want to build the house by the small river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river! \"The little bear said:\" But I want to live in a cave , Or let \u2019s dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened and jumped up and said,\" Well, how do I do. I think it's better to live in a tree, how comfortable it is! \"The new house was built in the end Where"}, {"nb": 246, "data": "In the evening of the rainbow, the rain stopped. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky to the west. \"What a beautiful rainbow!\" I said aloud. The younger brother heard the sound and came to the window. A long rainbow stretched in the clear sky to the west, and it looked like a bridge. Red, yellow, green, orange, purple, these colors are very bright. I hurriedly ran out of the house, and ran towards Rainbow Flying. I want to run under the rainbow and look up. Run, run, but no matter how I run, I can't catch up with the rainbow. The younger brother looked like me, opened his hands, and looked very happy. Rainbow, you are so beautiful."}, {"nb": 247, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 248, "data": "The osmanthus tree is not as tall as the plane tree, nor as short as the boxwood tree. It stands upright, green all year round, and looks from a distance, like a big green umbrella."}, {"nb": 249, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 250, "data": "Mishutka and Stasik sat on the bench in the small garden and chatted. Their chats are different from other children's; they speak big things and falsehoods as if they are the most bizarre than watching who speaks. \"How old are you?\" Mishutka asked. \"Ninety-five. What about you?\" \"I'm all forty years old.\" Mishutka said, \"You know, I used to be as tall as Uncle Paulia, but it became so short again now \"Starcick immediately said,\" Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult later. \"\" I used to swim across the river. \"Mishutka Said again. \"Huh, you can swim across the river, and I can swim across the sea.\" \"What's so great about the sea! I can swim across the ocean!\" \"I used to fly!\" \"Don't brag, you fly me one \"\" \"Not right now, I have forgotten how to fly.\""}, {"nb": 251, "data": "The little monkey didn't concentrate on listening in the math class. After school, he wouldn't be able to do math problems, so he ran to Lao Niu's house and said, \"Hey! What's the problem with Lao Niu?\" Lao Niu ignored it. After a while, the little rabbit also came to Lao Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, would you please tell me this question?\" Lao Niu said patiently."}, {"nb": 252, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 253, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 254, "data": "What are they doing in winter? The little monkey climbs the pine tree and finds squirrels to play with. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to find a little bee to play with. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter. I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the entrance of the dirt beside the dry grass, which read: \"I slept in my house for a winter , Please do n\u2019t disturb me\u2014badger. \u201dThere was a cave in the woods. The monkey saw how many bats in it grabbed the stone joints with his paws. His body hung upside down and slept soundly! The little monkey had to climb the tree by himself, grab the branch and hit the swing."}, {"nb": 255, "data": "The mature lychees are large, round, bunches, and fiery. Pick one, peel it off, and a layer of white flesh tightly wraps the red and shiny core. With a light bite, my mouth was overflowing with fresh juice, sweet."}, {"nb": 256, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 257, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 258, "data": "The osmanthus tree is not as tall as the plane tree, nor as short as the boxwood tree. It stands upright, green all year round, and looks from a distance, like a big green umbrella."}, {"nb": 259, "data": "It is really strange that Mr. Fox sent his son to school. Teacher Owl asked the little fox to make a sentence with \"Really Strange\". Outside the window of the classroom, Mr. Fox and his parents looked around. The little fox said triumphantly: \"My dad showed his fangs when he was eating chickens at home, so terrible; when my dad smiled outside, he couldn't see any fangs, it's strange!\" Mr. Fox went mad and exposed Mouth full of fangs. Then, he immediately closed his mouth tightly, showing a moving smile. Parents around couldn't help wondering: \"That 's weird!\""}, {"nb": 260, "data": "By the clear spring water of the deer and the lion, a deer was bowing its head to drink water. The surface of the water is like a mirror, clearly reflecting the figure of the deer. Deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This is where he is most proud of. Look at the two thin legs reflected on the water, supporting the body weakly. The deer is a little frustrated. Lu Zhengsi thought, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run when he pulled his legs. His thin legs ran lightly and flexibly, leaving the lion far behind. The lion tried desperately to catch up, but his two thick legs were powerless. He could only watch the deer escape with his eyes open. Due to the panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches of the jungle stumbled the two high horns of the deer. Deer struggled desperately, but still couldn't get rid of it, but instead made a loud noise. The lion chased from behind. The lion pounced on the deer and caught the deer. The deer said before he was dying: \"I thought that the unsightly saved me, but the one I trusted so much killed me.\""}, {"nb": 261, "data": "In the early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 262, "data": "Kittens, puppies, and pigs are painting together. The little cat drew a sun, drew a house, drew a big tree, and a little bird stopped on the tree. It said to the little pig: \"Look, I can draw anything!\" The little pig said: \"You are so smart.\" But the puppy said: \"Can you paint the wind? The wind, you can't see it, you can't touch it. No one can draw it. \"The kitten picked up the pen and gently tapped her lips, blinked her eyes, thought for a while, and said,\" I can! \"It was next to the sun, and a white cloud was painted on the house, saying:\" The white cloud is floating in the sky, Did n\u2019t the wind blow? The wind, it \u2019s drawn! \""}, {"nb": 263, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family. It spent three springs and autumns with me and formed a profound friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird, its shape is very beautiful, brownish yellow pointed mouth, pink tongue, eyes flicker like two stars. The feathers on the head and body are blue and black. The black hair on the wings carries a few long feathers. The feathers on the belly are white. The beautiful long tail always tilts upwards."}, {"nb": 264, "data": "The little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the door of his good friend, the red squirrel. But one day, they quarreled, and the little brown bear would never fold a small paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear felt very sad. He still folded the paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat before the little brown bear, and let him float to the door of the little brown bear. They soon reconciled."}, {"nb": 265, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 266, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 267, "data": "Child Yu, I am a fish, do you know my age? In spring and summer, I eat more and grow faster; in autumn and winter, the opposite is true. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds. My scales will appear one by one, as long as I count the lines on my body, You can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 268, "data": "The little monkey ate watermelon. The little monkey ran into the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He would eat it when he picked the next watermelon. When a calf next to him saw him bring round watermelon to his mouth, he said to him: \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" He said that he bit off a piece of watermelon peel, chewed and tasteless, and angrily threw the bitten watermelon on the ground and said: \"Not tasty! Not tasty!\" Maverick Tell him: \"Who told you to eat the skin? Eat watermelon, you should eat the stuffing inside!\""}, {"nb": 269, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 270, "data": "The little tadpole swims, and after a few days, its tail becomes shorter. They swam next to the lotus and saw a big frog squatting on the lotus leaf, dressed in green clothes, exposed with a white belly, and swollen with a pair of big eyes. The little tadpole swims past and calls: \"Mom, Mom!\" Mommy Frog looked down and smiled and said, \"Good boy, you have grown into a frog, so jump up!\" In a jump, he jumped on the lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 271, "data": "At naughty summer and summer noon, the sun is like a big fireball, hot and hot. The little flower is listless and sad. The grass has also dried up, and the leaves are all rolled up. The road seemed to be covered in a hot coat. The bicycle was parked outside, so hot that the owner dared not even sit. Ugh ! Summer, you are so naughty!"}, {"nb": 272, "data": "Autumn is coming, autumn wind is blowing, and the weather is getting cooler. The children followed the teacher to the countryside. The blue sky is endless, and white clouds play in the sky. Sometimes they look like a group of white rabbits, sometimes they look like a few sheep, and sometimes they look like cute little dogs. In the farmland, the rice is yellow, the sorghum is red, and the cotton is white. Children are rolling on the grass, flying kites, laughing, shouting, how happy!"}, {"nb": 273, "data": "My little goldfish There are two little goldfish in my family. They are golden on their bodies. Two bulging eyes seem to be watching you every moment. They have a fan-like tail, which is always swayed in the water, and a belly like a ball, which eats a lot of food at once. They have a lot of fun in the water. I like them very much. The first thing I do every day when I come back is to feed them."}, {"nb": 274, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 275, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family. It spent three springs and autumns with me and formed a profound friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird, its shape is very beautiful, brownish yellow pointed mouth, pink tongue, eyes flicker like two stars. The feathers on the head and body are blue and black. The black hair on the wings carries a few long feathers. The feathers on the belly are white. The beautiful long tail always tilts upwards."}, {"nb": 276, "data": "Song Lian likes to read when he was young, and had no money to buy books, so he had to borrow from others. Every time he borrowed a book, he always said the return date was good and returned it in time. Once, he borrowed a book, and the more he read it, the more he liked it, so he decided to copy it down. He copied the book all night, and his mother said: \"Children, it's midnight. Let's copy it at dawn. People are not in a hurry to ask for a book.\" Song Lian said: \"No matter what people are in a hurry, they will return the book when the deadline is reached. If you do n\u2019t talk about credit, how can you get respect from others. \""}, {"nb": 277, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 278, "data": "I don't know who threw the broken glass on the road because of the colorful blood, and dozens of earthworms were stabbed while crossing the road. They were also comatose because of excessive bleeding. The situation was very serious. The animals sent the earthworms to the hospital for rescue. Rescue requires a lot of blood, but the blood bank inventory is not enough, so the animals have to be called to donate blood. A long squid swam to the beach to donate blood at a speed, and it could be seen that there was green blood flowing out of the thief, and the result was useless. \"Look at me.\" The transparent prawns somehow got out of the water and bravely extended their arms. As a result, its blood was pale cyan, and it could not be used. Sea crabs and hairy crabs all came to donate blood, and the result was pale cyan blood. A snail also came, and its blood, like milk, could not be used. The snail's cousin is a snail, and its blood is light blue. The blood of small animals is really colorful!"}, {"nb": 279, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 280, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 281, "data": "Mom and Dad and my dad are as tall as a big mountain, Mom is as gentle as water, and I am like a little fish, playing between the mountain and the water. I love my home, I love my father and mother. Let love live in my house forever."}, {"nb": 282, "data": "Ginkgo trees in autumn When autumn arrives, we saw a tall ginkgo tree as soon as we entered the park. The tree is covered with golden yellow fan-shaped leaves, and regular leaf veins are arranged on the leaves. A gust of autumn wind blew, and the ginkgo leaves swayed from side to side, like many golden fans fanning, sending a cool breeze."}, {"nb": 283, "data": "The little fairy tale is to the south of the cloud, in a distant place, a group of leaves says: \"We want to bloom like flowers.\" A group of flowers says: \"We want to fly like a bird.\" A group of peacocks says: \"We want to be like trees Same growth. \""}, {"nb": 284, "data": "It \u2019s raining, it \u2019s raining! Raindrops, rustle ... the raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to have red flowers. The rain fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to have white flowers. The rain fell on the willow, and the willow spit green buds with joy. The rain fell on the field, and the seeds were happy to pour their mouths. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frog was croaking with joy. Light rain, rustle, decorate the picturesque spring."}, {"nb": 285, "data": "Spring is here. A piece of green and pink peach blossoms are on the grass. Snowy white rabbits are jumping around on the grass. The wild yellow goose nodded to us. Spring is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 286, "data": "Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up pretty. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. A variety of colors and dyes were found in the jungle to make everyone dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and painted carefully on the magpie. The anxious magpie cried as soon as he saw the black stripe painting finished: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" He said that he flew away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's my turn! It's my turn!\" \"The crow drew the golden pheasant with the seven colors found by the magpie, one stroke at a time. The painting was very serious from beginning to end. It took a long time to draw, and the crow said, \"Well, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" The golden pheasant looked at the stream: \"Ah!\" \"It was shocking and joyful, I couldn't believe it. So beautiful, he said gratefully to the crow: \"I can't see it, you have such a clever hand, really a brilliant painter!\" Next, it was the turn of the golden pheasant to paint the crow, and it picked up a pot of black color I just wanted to paint, but I muttered in my heart: \"I also want you to paint like that, when will you paint!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shake a pot of black dye on the crow, and then said: \"OK OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned to look, and the golden pheasant had flown away. When he looked at the stream, he screamed angrily: \"ah ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\""}, {"nb": 287, "data": "When Kong Rong was a child, his family often bought pears. The pears were fragrant and sweet. Everyone was battling to get big food. But Kong Rong takes the smallest one every time. The father asked him why he wanted the younger one. He replied: \"Because I am younger, of course I should take the younger one and leave it to my elder brother to eat well.\" The father listened and praised him for being polite when he was young."}, {"nb": 288, "data": "The little seagull is like a hardworking bee collecting honey on the snowy waves. Like a silvery white butterfly, flying on the deep blue grass beach. Look, the naughty seagull is playing games with the spray! There are no big trees, no flowers, and no golden houses in the sea, at night. Where do they live? Mother said, \"The sea is their home.\""}, {"nb": 289, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is here, the flowers show a small face, and the grass stretches its waist. Spring is here, spring is here, the swallows build a new nest, and the magpies whisper."}, {"nb": 290, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 291, "data": "The little monkey ate watermelon. The little monkey ran into the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He would eat it when he picked the next watermelon. When a calf next to him saw him bring round watermelon to his mouth, he said to him: \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" He said that he bit off a piece of watermelon peel, chewed and tasteless, and angrily threw the bitten watermelon on the ground and said: \"Not tasty! Not tasty!\" Maverick Tell him: \"Who told you to eat the skin? Eat watermelon, you should eat the stuffing inside!\""}, {"nb": 292, "data": "Among the many animals, there are four kinds of animals that look like our humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees, and gibbons. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. Therefore, scientists call them apes."}, {"nb": 293, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 294, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I carried the shovel, took the sapling, and came to the river. I dug a hole with a spade and carefully planted the saplings. My mother saw me and asked me with a smile: \"My child, what kind of tree do you plant?\" I answered loudly: \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be sent to children around the world Spread happiness. \"Mom touched my head and said kindly:\" We wish the happiness tree grow up quickly so that every child in the world can share happiness! \""}, {"nb": 295, "data": "Frogs are famous insect catchers. They can catch 20-30 kinds of pests, including locusts, aphids and mosquitoes. A frog eats a lot of food. A frog can wipe out more than 10,000 pests in a year. This little expert at catching pests is not small for protecting the growth of crops!"}, {"nb": 296, "data": "Mother Swallow hatched four little swallows. They have long black hairs, white belly, and small yellow mouths with sharp points, stretch out their long small necks, and shake their little round heads. You hold me, I squeeze you. When Daddy Yan and Mama Yan came back from the insects, they squeezed out, squeezing their heads out, opening their mouths, extending their necks, eager to eat. If you ca n\u2019t eat it, you scream."}, {"nb": 297, "data": "Dandelion In spring, a dandelion grows under the window of Lele's house. Lele looked at the buds of dandelions and said, \"You are really green, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele The dandelion under the window of the house has yellow flowers. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are so beautiful, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will hurt. When you get results, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, Dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\""}, {"nb": 298, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 299, "data": "A lilac tree grows a lilac tree by the pond. In spring, lilac trees are full of lilac flowers. No matter who comes to the pond, he should smile and take a look at Ding Xianghua. One day, a melancholic man came to the edge of the pond. He folded a few branches of lilac and took it away. Some young people came to travel and washed their faces by the pond. When they set off, they folded many branches full of flowers. After a while, the people who came to the pond no longer smiled."}, {"nb": 300, "data": "In an instant, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again. As soon as he closed the door, he heard someone knocking on the door. It turned out that the duck was watching it. The little duck said, \"Brother Hedgehog, in order to cure your arthritis, I will weave together the wool that I usually shed and sew you a soft duck down, so that you can sleep warmly throughout the winter.\""}, {"nb": 301, "data": "Jellyfish May 1st, my mother took me to the Ocean Aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel new. Jellyfish is a mollusk living in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, and they look soft and soft, and they seem to break when touched, and they look like blossoming mushrooms from a distance. They are blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... It looks crystal clear, looks like a parachute floating in the ocean, leisurely swimming in the water, slowly, freely ... adds a mystery to the marine world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can produce oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\"."}, {"nb": 302, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the sister of the rabbit, the sister of the duck, and the brother of the squirrel. One morning, the rabbit sister came to find the younger brother of the rooster: \"I'm going to buy carrots, lend me a basket.\" The cock said: \"I want to use it myself, don't borrow!\" At noon, the duck sister came to find the brother of the rooster: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"Said the rooster:\" I want to eat, not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to the rooster brother:\" Tomorrow morning I will go up the mountain to cut wood, you call me! \"Rooster said:\" I have no energy , Don't call! \"Late night, the strong wind lifted the roof of the rooster's house. The rooster cried and jumped anxiously. Rabbits, ducks and squirrels came to help the rooster repair the roof. It was repaired in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of the little animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious the friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others!"}, {"nb": 303, "data": "By the clear spring water of the deer and the lion, a deer was bowing its head to drink water. The surface of the water is like a mirror, clearly reflecting the figure of the deer. Deer first looked at a pair of beautiful long horns above his head. This is where he is most proud of. Look at the two thin legs reflected on the water, supporting the body weakly. The deer is a little frustrated. Lu Zhengsi thought, and suddenly found a lion behind him was chasing him. A sense of self-protection drove him to run when he pulled his legs. His thin legs ran lightly and flexibly, leaving the lion far behind. The lion tried desperately to catch up, but his two thick legs were powerless. He could only watch the deer escape with his eyes open. Due to the panic, the deer continued to run and ran into the jungle. Unexpectedly, the branches of the jungle stumbled the two high horns of the deer. Deer struggled desperately, but still couldn't get rid of it, but instead made a loud noise. The lion chased from behind. The lion pounced on the deer and caught the deer. The deer said before he was dying: \"I thought that the unsightly saved me, but the one I trusted so much killed me.\""}, {"nb": 304, "data": "Little tadpoles, find your mother, little tadpoles, don't shout, your mother is a frog. Wearing green clothes, white belly, big eyes, sing a song to croak, all the pests in the field are afraid of it. Little tadpole, swim, swim, mother frog has found it!"}, {"nb": 305, "data": "The spring rain was \"Xili, Xili, Xili ...\" There was light rain in the sky, the thin and dense rain filaments, like a bright silver thread, floating down from the sky. The flower lifted up the shallow wine glass, covered with the bright raindrops, and tasted it, sweet and fragrant. The willow girl woke up and took a light raindrop on her head. Feng'er combed the green wicker like a comb, ha, the willow girl's long hair, so beautiful. Xili, Xili, Xili ... what a wonderful spring rain!"}, {"nb": 306, "data": "Xiaohou called and installed a phone at Xiaohou's house. He thought: Now it's really convenient to invite a friend to be a guest at home. He picked up the phone on the table and started dialing. First he dialed the phone number of the little white rabbit's house. After he connected it, he said, \"Hey, is it the home of the three petal mouth?\" He called Piggy's house again: \"Is it a fat ball player?\" Piggy ignored him. When the monkey mother saw it, she said to the little monkey: \"You are too impolite to call. You don't know how to respect others. Why would anyone come to be a guest?\" The little monkey listened and bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 307, "data": "Spiders in flower clothes Spiders are wearing gray clothes for generations. Old spiders always admonish little spiders: this kind of clothing is certainly not good-looking, but it is easy to hide and not easy to be invented by prey. If you want to eat a full stomach, don't worry about making yourself handsome. To be pretty, you have to have a party like Butterfly. Spiders all listen to the words of the esteemed master. They have been wearing clothes that are gray and unbroken from generation to generation. However, beauty is indeed too attractive. One day, several little spiders resolutely took off their gray clothes, put on colorful dresses, and all the flower branches that they wore fluttered, so unhappy. The old spider with a lesson hastened to warn the rest of the spiders: \"Children, don't learn from them! They are so arrogant and sure to suffer! You just wait and see!\" But the old spider's words have not been fulfilled. Not only are the spiders in flower clothes not hungry, they also catch more insects than other spiders. Because there are many beautiful bugs in the forest, their flowers and clothes are regarded as blooming flowers!"}, {"nb": 308, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 309, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 310, "data": "In the spring of the four seasons, there are many east winds, and swallows are blown to make new nests. In summer, there are many southerly winds blowing the sun like a fire. In autumn, westerly winds blow, and ripe crops blow ripe fruits. In winter, there are many northerly winds, and snowflakes are blowing."}, {"nb": 311, "data": "Brave and smart A little squirrel and three little kangaroos play under a fruit tree, and the mother kangaroo looks at them not far away. Suddenly, a bad wolf jumped out of the forest. The kangaroo mother was quick-witted, grabbed two little kangaroos and a little squirrel, stuffed it into the chest pocket, and put on a posture to fight the evil wolf. However, another baby kangaroo failed to return to his mother's pocket in time under a walnut tree that was far away. The evil wolf drooled and swooped past. \"Boom!\" Something hit the old wolf's head melon, and the evil wolf raised his mouth with his mouth wide open. \"Boom!\" Another thing stuck in his throat, and the wolf was terrified, thinking it was a hunter's bullet, and quickly escaped with his tail caught. Everyone looked up and it turned out that it was the mother of the squirrel who threw the walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the little kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo 's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is so brave!\" The little squirrel said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so clever!\" Hearing this, both the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed."}, {"nb": 312, "data": "In the park, there is a magnolia flower, which is opening quietly. The lark bird fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly: \"No, Father Sun gave me color, rain gave me fragrance, dear mother soil Only by giving me enough nutrition, can I smile and open up. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, raindrops and soil. \""}, {"nb": 313, "data": "Dream Xiaocao loves dreaming, dreams are green and green; flowers love dreaming, dreams are red; sea loves dreaming, dreams are blue; Yun'er loves dreaming, dreams are white; children love dreaming, dreams are colorful ."}, {"nb": 314, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 315, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 316, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 317, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 318, "data": "In spring, the spring flowers bloomed. A small yellow trumpet grew out of the green branches. The small horn blew, awakened the bees, attracted butterflies, and attracted a group of dolls who loved spring."}, {"nb": 319, "data": "Planting Trees On the day of the tree planting festival on March 12th, the sun was shining brightly and the spring breeze was blowing. As soon as the students led the teachers to the suburbs, they began to divide and plant trees. Several classmates in the distance, some were digging pits with a shovel, some were supporting saplings, some were filling the soil, and some were watering, and they were doing a great job. The nearby Xiaoming and Xiaohong were divided into a group. At first, Xiaoming was responsible for digging the pit. The digging was done, but the digging didn't move. Dig harder or not. Ah! It turned out to be a big rock. He moved the rock out and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug. Xiaohong gently inserted the small sapling into the tree pit and carefully supported it. Xiao Ming slowly filled the soil Go in. After filling the soil, it was time to water. The two of them brought a bucket full of water and poured it on the roots to let the young saplings drink enough. Xiaoming and Xiaohong seem to be saying: \"Small saplings, you grow up quickly, grow into towering trees early, and make beams for high-rise buildings.\" Little saplings also seem to say, \"You are really good kids who love labor.\""}, {"nb": 320, "data": "The warm little crow was sent to the hospital and all the animals came to see him. The bunny brought cabbage, and the calf brought milk. The lark sang a song: \"May you get better soon!\" The little crow looked at the little friend and shed tears."}, {"nb": 321, "data": "Pear, pour ... The rain in spring falls at night and stops at dawn. The rain in spring is a thump: dong dong, dong dong! Beating the large banana leaves, the sound is so sweet and crisp. The rain in spring is the keys: Dingdong, Dingdong! The calm Koike was struck, and the sound was so gentle and pleasant. The rain in spring is the paint: it stains the green grass and leaves, and reddens the wildflowers and mangosteens. The rain in spring is a lullaby: the children have just woken up from their dreams and walked into another sweet dream."}, {"nb": 322, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bees are really hardworking. They came to the garden early in the morning to gather nectar. It flew from flower to flower to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee: \"Resume for a while, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"Is it noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big clock here Ah! \"The little bee looked around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower plate. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one flower was blooming. The lark said: \"This kind of flower is called\" noon flower \". She only opened it at noon. She is blooming at noon, of course!\" The little bee asked, \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" The lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three o'clock in the morning, petunias generally bloom at four o'clock, roses bloom at five o'clock, solanum flowers bloom at six o'clock, peony flowers open at seven o'clock, lotus flowers It opens at 8 o'clock and at 10 o'clock is the Scutellaria barbata. \"\" There is no alarm clock, the biological clock in their body wakes them up! \"\" I learned a way to master time again! \"The little bee said happily."}, {"nb": 323, "data": "Ai Hua study is very serious. When he is in class, he always pays attention to the teacher's lectures, thinks positively, and raises his hand to speak. His homework was completed on time every time, and the book was neat and beautiful. Once the school was over, the teacher sent the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework. The other classmates all went home, but he was thinking hard in the classroom alone. Until he gave the correct answer, he showed a satisfied smile and went home with peace of mind."}, {"nb": 324, "data": "The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking."}, {"nb": 325, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 326, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 327, "data": "Summer night Quietly summer night, the moonlight shone into the small courtyard. Under the big tree, there is an old grandpa taking a cool ride. Not far from the old man, there is a little cat. After a while, the grandfather raised his hand to support the tree trunk, and slowly stood up, stretched out and walked into the room. A child in the room fell asleep, and beside the child, there was a picture that had already been drawn. In the middle is a pond; there are a few lotus flowers in the pond, which are not yet open; a dragonfly squats on it, transparent wings spread out; in the distance, He Miao nods in the wind; an ancient poem is written beside the painting: Xiao He Cai Exposing sharp corners ..."}, {"nb": 328, "data": "Jellyfish May 1st, my mother took me to the Ocean Aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel new. Jellyfish is a mollusk living in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, and they look soft and soft, and they seem to break when touched, and they look like blossoming mushrooms from a distance. They are blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... It looks crystal clear, looks like a parachute floating in the ocean, leisurely swimming in the water, slowly, freely ... adds a mystery to the marine world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can produce oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\"."}, {"nb": 329, "data": "Lantern watching today is the Lantern Festival. After dinner, I followed my mother on the street to watch the lantern. Along the way, all kinds of small colored lights dazzled people. Look, the colorful lights are shining like small stars with blinking eyes. The white jade lamp is more striking. It rises into the sky like a moon in the sky and illuminates the road brightly. The colorful neon lights are bright and colorful, which makes the pedestrian street very beautiful. The most fascinating thing is the lights under a few big trees. At the beginning, I was still thinking, it is still early spring, how come the leaves on these big trees come so close together, the light under the tree is green. The light, the green, the green, reflected on the big tree, and the leaves of the tree immediately turned green, like a layer of jade."}, {"nb": 330, "data": "My aunt sent me a bird with green feathers and yellow mouth, and two eyes flickering, very cute. I put it in a cage, gave it food, and gave it water, but it didn't move at all. I'm in a hurry, I don't know what to do."}, {"nb": 331, "data": "The monkey's encounter A monkey dexterously climbed onto a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make various comments. The rabbit said: \"Look at the monkey's tail, like a dead branch, it's ugly!\" Weasel said: \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red scars, so disgusting!\" The dog said: \"Monkeys are so thin, climbing trees are so Quickly, it must be a master of stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who made the remarks:\" Monkeys are superb to climb trees and are really amazing! You won't climb trees, it doesn't matter, always looking for other people's shortcomings, which is not good You go home and look in the mirror to see what is wrong with you! \""}, {"nb": 332, "data": "One morning early in the morning, the swallows found that there were many small waterdrops on the green grass, which were very beautiful. Swallow invites its friends to see it soon. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! In the sunshine, the little drops of water are more beautiful!\" After a while, the beautiful little drops of water disappeared. Xiao Cao is very sad."}, {"nb": 333, "data": "Which is the happiest in Happy Summer? I know the happiest in summer. I hid on the tall branches every day and sang folk songs by pulling my throat. Which is the happiest in summer? Ducks are the happiest in summer. Swarm in water in groups, sculling the waves with two paddles."}, {"nb": 334, "data": "The plane flies really high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on them opened. The colors of the umbrella bag are red, yellow, blue, and green. What a beautiful look!"}, {"nb": 335, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 336, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 337, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 338, "data": "In spring, I buried sunflower seeds in the dark mud, and the seeds germinated quietly in the ground. A few days later, tender young buds burrowed out of the ground. The longer and taller the sunflower, I had to look up to see it. In the summer, the sunflowers are blooming, golden. In winter, the sunflower seeds have matured and they are really full."}, {"nb": 339, "data": "I like the sun flower. It is the most common flower in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender, and it seems that water will come out when you pinch it with your hand. The leaves of the sun flower are very special, small and thick, and the surface of the leaf is coated with a thin layer of wax, smooth and green. The colors of sunflowers are exceptionally bright, some are as white as jade, some are as bright as fire, and some are as golden as gold, and the pink ones are like a light blush, the flowers are not large, and the natural beauty of the multi-layered petals The single-layered petals are so pretty and really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because of its bright colors, but also because it has tenacious vitality, it is not afraid of the sun, the wind, and the rain. It \u2019s always vigorous like that. Just plug in a small stem and plug in In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom."}, {"nb": 340, "data": "Look at the goose, the white goose is coming: Stretching his neck, flapping his wings, squawking, \"white,\" white, only a little yellow dotted on his head and claws, his body is fat and strong, and his long neck supports a small and exquisite head, The small eyes are slick, the flat mouth is always pecking and pecking, cute! I love the white goose, but I hate its domineering. He always relied on his own strength to make his chickens, ducks, dogs and cats at home obedient, but when he was slightly disobedient, he forced him by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats all became its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slave\" can only eat leftovers when its belly is round and its wings flapped away. Every time I saw this situation, I screamed at it angrily: \"You damn slave owner, now what time it is, see that I will not beat you to death.\""}, {"nb": 341, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 342, "data": "Thumbs up class Our class has a very nice name called \"Thumbs up class\". You see, there is a bright red \u201cthumb\u201d lifted on the wall above the blackboard newspaper, and there is a line of English \u201cI am the best one,\u201d which means \u201cI am the first.\u201d It means one next to the blackboard newspaper. Sunflowers' safflower table, green leaves, golden flower plate, and a \"Hanako\" hide a picture of our class children. Whoever gets the little saffron will happily paste it next to the picture. We It is often better than the one who gets the most saffron. Everyone wants to be the first. The children in the \"Thumb Up Class\" are all croaking."}, {"nb": 343, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 344, "data": "Petite Cat Make friends Petite Cat goes to visit grandma. A small yellow dog lay under the big tree in the village entrance. The little flower cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog cried out \"Wang Wang\", pounced on the little flower cat, the little flower cat turned around in fright, ran, was tripped by the tree roots, and fell into the mouth and gnawed mud. The starling in the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach, and he scolded him angrily: \"Shut up your stinky mouth!\" Myna also returned to him with a polite expression: \"Shut up your stinky mouth! Straight from the tears: \"Grandma, the little yellow dog and myna are bullying me. The grandmother said sadly: \"My little one, just blame you for not respecting others too much.\" If you are polite to others, others will be friendly to you! \"The little cat listened to her grandmother and said friendly to the little yellow dog:\" I'm sorry! \" \"The little cat said to his starling,\" Hello, friend! \"Starling also said to the little cat:\" Hello, friend! \"The little cat said happily:\" Grandma, I understand. If you want others to be nice to you, you must be nice to others first! \" \""}, {"nb": 345, "data": "Antarctica is the coldest place in the world. The snow is thick and will not change all year round. The animals here are mainly penguins and seals. They are all chubby and very hardy. Penguins are not afraid of people at all and are very flattering."}, {"nb": 346, "data": "Hua Luogeng Guess the famous mathematician Hua Luogeng in a different way. He got a book. Instead of reading it from beginning to end, he thought about it for a while, then closed his eyes and meditated. He guessed the layout of the book. After considering it, he opened the book. If the author's ideas were consistent with his own guess, he would not read it again. Hua Luogeng's guessing method not only saves reading time, but also cultivates his own thinking and imagination, so as not to make himself a slave of the book."}, {"nb": 347, "data": "These geese have red beaks, high foreheads, and white bodies. As soon as they saw me, they stretched their necks and nodded as they said, \"Say hello.\" I like playing with them very much."}, {"nb": 348, "data": "My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. Full of pink peach, snowy pear flower. At the foot of the mountain there is a beautiful new house, that is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The river is clear and clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly-built mountain road bends and stretches into the distance. I love my little mountain village, I love my hometown."}, {"nb": 349, "data": "Father Sun had a cold in the winter morning. Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew, she quickly ran to the animal radio and broadcast loudly: \"Sun Grandpa has a cold! Who has a cure for the cold? Please send it quickly-\" The first squirrel heard, he was very anxious and quickly took a red Leather hat sent. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time. His mother cooked ginger soup for him and cured the cold. So, he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox also knew that he was busy with a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. Father Sun put on a hat, put on a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily, and his face slowly turned red. \"Sun Father is sick! Sun Father is sick!\" The little squirrel, little black pig and little fox cried, jumped happily, and kept patting their little hands ..."}, {"nb": 350, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 351, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 352, "data": "Spring Rain The rusty spring rain, like thousands of silk threads down ... Shuttle swallows hold the rain silk, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves and the red ones are peach blossoms. A bright stream was also woven, and the fish in the river waggled their tails happily. On the hillside across the river, there are farmers who sow seeds; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture!"}, {"nb": 353, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 354, "data": "My family lives by the sea blue sky blue, blue sea blue, my family lives by the sea. There is a Moon Bay by the sea, and fishing boats are stopped in the sea. There is an old grandpa on board, whose story can't be told."}, {"nb": 355, "data": "A group of ants was busy outside the house, and the little cock tilted his head and asked: \"Little ant, are you happy?\" The ant replied: \"Our winter food is almost ready, very happy.\" , They kept going back and forth, and the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" Yanzi said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" Everyone is very happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika Deer said:\" Children, happiness needs to be found by themselves. Happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \""}, {"nb": 356, "data": "Washing my father's hair last night, my father was going to wash his hair. I had a sudden whims, shouting to wash him. I first sprinkled hot water on my dad's hair, then squeezed shampoo and rubbed it gently on my dad's head. Although I was very careful, my dad's face was covered with water and bubbles. I usually feel so easy to wash my hair, but I didn't expect it to be really easy to do. Dad seems to see through my mind and encourages me to say: \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash someone's hair. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\" After listening to his words, I was not as nervous as before. The flushing has also become smooth. After washing, I asked my father if he felt okay. He said happily: \"It's great, my daughter is really grown up!\" Unexpectedly, I only did a small thing to make my father so happy."}, {"nb": 357, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 358, "data": "The lotus pond is really fun. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond is full of lotus leaves and full of lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaf is like a green umbrella that has been stretched out. It can be shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus flowers are more beautiful than any flowers. They grow in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dress the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond the most. Hiding in a large basin, gently paddling with your hands, swaying, swaying into the lotus, hiding under the lotus leaf to cool off in the wind, listening to the croaking of frogs. It's raining, the raindrops hit the lotus leaf, ticking, like it really is the \"umbrella\" propped on our heads!"}, {"nb": 359, "data": "My cute little cat has a little cat. The little cats have small ears standing upright, and their eyes are round and round. It has eight beards by its mouth, which are thin, long, and hard. I know that it is used to measure the size of the hole in the mouse. The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking. It also has a long tail that always swings back and forth. During the day, the little cat always likes to sleep, and keeps snoring in his mouth. Once in the evening, it walked around here, and looked there, as if it was scouting for mouse activity. I really like this cute little cat."}, {"nb": 360, "data": "There was a fog in the morning on the mountain road. The road could not be seen clearly in the mountains. The pigs, deer and rabbits were badly damaged. The little rabbit leads the little pig, and the little pig pulls the little deer, pulling the vine, holding the tree, walking the mountain road step by step. Qiufeng's mother-in-law came to help, and \u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014 blew all the mist all at once."}, {"nb": 361, "data": "October 28 is the birthday of the goat, many small animals came to congratulate him. They gave the little goat their most precious gift. Calves send milk, rabbits send radishes, chickens send greens, red pandas send bamboo leaves, and monkeys send peaches. Everyone eats, plays and sings together, so happy!"}, {"nb": 362, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 363, "data": "How to grow vegetables in winter in winter, the weather is cold, in order to eat vegetables in summer, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic film as walls and roofs to shield the wind and rain, absorb sunlight, and also need to turn on heating to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the number of midwinter days, people can still cultivate summer vegetables."}, {"nb": 364, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 365, "data": "I can draw. I can draw big cocks. In my paintings, big cocks roar. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flutter up and down. I can draw fish. In my painting, the fish flicked its tail and swam over."}, {"nb": 366, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 367, "data": "The mother Bunny without skills has four children. One day, she gave an assignment to her four children, and gave each child a piece of paper, asking them to use their own brains and use this piece of paper to do something meaningful. Xiao Hui found a brush to write on the paper. Behind him, Xiaoqing thought, \"Will I be able to write? Let's do something else.\" Xiaohong knelt on the ground and drew on paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought, \"I can't paint well, so I'll do something else.\" Little Black has folded a small bird out of paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought: I still won't break it, there is no way. As a result, Xiao Qingdong looked at it, West looked at it, and when her mother came to check it, she did nothing ..."}, {"nb": 368, "data": "October 28 is the birthday of the goat, many small animals came to congratulate him. They gave the little goat their most precious gift. Calves send milk, rabbits send radishes, chickens send greens, red pandas send bamboo leaves, and monkeys send peaches. Everyone eats, plays and sings together, so happy!"}, {"nb": 369, "data": "The voice of spring sings \"Tick Tick\" in spring, spring wind plays the piano \"sand rustle\", spring thunder plays drums \"Boom\", spring applauds \"Wala\", held a spring concert, Chunsun is a conductor."}, {"nb": 370, "data": "What is the New Year? I had a dream. I got on a spaceship and traveled. I asked the stars: \"What is the new year?\" The stars said in a low voice: \"The new year is the new clothes and new hats.\" The moon said loudly: \"The new year is candy and toys.\" The sun said with a smile: \"The new year is happy, the new year is progress \"I understand, the new year is coming, and I grew up a year old. I will be more sensible and competent!"}, {"nb": 371, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 372, "data": "Cats are experts at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, and it can turn around, even if it is a very small voice, it can be recognized in time. A cat has bright eyes, and a sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The beard of a cat is like a ruler, which can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws, which can climb trees, jump walls, and hunt down mice."}, {"nb": 373, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 374, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountain; in the fields, the sun jumps out of the Mai Lang; in the city, the sun comes out of the gap between the buildings; in our home, the sun is squeezed from the curtains Out; in the school, the sun is called out from the children's reading."}, {"nb": 375, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 376, "data": "The little sand chicken sent the water to the hot desert. The mother of the sand chicken was sick. She lay under a cactus and gasped and said, \"Water, water ...\" The little sand chicken quickly helped her mother to find water. It looked in the endless desert, and finally found a small puddle. The little sand chicken was so happy that he didn't want to drink it himself, and quickly dipped his hairy body into the puddle. The feathers of sand grouses have a strong ability to absorb water, and they will be full of water soon. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I've brought you water!\" The mother of the sand chicken stretched her mouth into the feathers of the little sand chicken and sucked the water into her mouth. Mother Sand Chicken smiled and said, \"You are such a sensible child!\" Little Sand Chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you gave me water like this!\""}, {"nb": 377, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 378, "data": "The Little Zoo The little zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer, and goats, etc. I like the goats in it the most. When I came to the zoo, I first ran to the lamb fold and took out the grass that I had prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat ran over. It has white hair, smooth and beautiful, with a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth, running, \"bleating\" while running Shouted."}, {"nb": 379, "data": "The fruit is ripe in the orchard. Apples are blushing like dolls; yellow persimmons are covered with branches; pomegranates also playfully grin their small mouths and smile at us. Look at the oranges, they are all round and chubby, watching the children's games on the branches, they also want to come down and play!"}, {"nb": 380, "data": "Vegetables are more powerful than vegetable gardens. Vegetables are boasting about their skills. Celery said: \"I am a delicacy, lowering blood pressure is my specialty.\" Spinach said: \"Strengthen physical fitness, prevent anemia, can not do without me.\" Cucumber said: \"beautiful skin to wrinkle, you have to rely on me.\" Carrot said : \"Vitamins can't be lacking, the little ginseng is me.\""}, {"nb": 381, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 382, "data": "Children who count stars at night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child sat in the yard, leaning on her grandmother, raised her head and pointed to the sky to count the stars. One, two, counted to hundreds. The grandmother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and blinking, all eyes are blooming, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, can see You can count them when you see them. The stars are moving, but not turbulent. You see, this star is always so far away from that star. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Child, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but the distance between them seems to be constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa stopped, pointing to the north The sky said, \"Look, the seven stars, connected like a spoon, are called the Big Dipper. The star facing the spoon is the North Star. The Big Dipper always rotates around the North Star.\" Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night, and looked up at the stars several times. He saw clearly, the Big Dipper really turned slowly around the North Star. This child who counts stars is called Zhang Heng, who is from the Han Dynasty. After he grew up, he worked hard on astronomy and became a famous astronomer."}, {"nb": 383, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 384, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the sky, they invented the airplane. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. The eyes of the pigeon can tell whether the enemy is a friend or an enemy. The man-made monitor can also monitor aircraft and missiles. Dog noses are best. People have created electronic noses to check whether underground gas pipes are leaking."}, {"nb": 385, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 386, "data": "Some of the mothers of the earth do not love the children of the mothers of the earth. They cut trees, fold flowers, and destroy the grass. Mother Earth lost her child, she was naked, basked by the sun, and blown by the cold wind. After some days, Mother Earth became ill, her skin cracked, she gradually lost her luster, and the world became gray. Mother Earth hopes that we can cherish her and restore her glory."}, {"nb": 387, "data": "In the doctor forest of trees, there is a century-old tree, which is lush and leafy, and is a good place for birds to play with. One day, for no reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to the doctor of woodpeckers. The woodpecker doctor flew over. It stopped on the branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-its pointed mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked on the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then stretched out its mouth to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, all the tree bugs on the old tree were eaten up by the woodpecker. Wow ! Very comfortable. The old tree opened his smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No need to thank, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again."}, {"nb": 388, "data": "On the hillside, there are green grass, wild flowers blooming, and a few lambs are eating grass. There is a small river on the slope, and the river is clear, and a group of fish play freely in the river. On the river, a pair of white geese swim around. In the distance, a shepherd boy played a flute on the cow's back."}, {"nb": 389, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 390, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 391, "data": "In spring, the sun is shining, and flowers bloom in the fields. White pear blossoms, pink peach blossoms, and yellow rape blossoms exude bursts of fragrance. On Saturday, the Spring Animal Games were held in the forest. Some of the little animals are cycling, some are racing, some are playing football, and some are jumping high. The competition is really fierce!"}, {"nb": 392, "data": "Summer song Where is the summer song? Know it, on the tall tree. Where is the song of summer? Quack, by the clear pond. Where is the song of summer? Rumble, in the high sky. Where is the song of summer? Buzzing in the green grass."}, {"nb": 393, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 394, "data": "The scene in Butterfly Valley is very charming. In some valleys, there is only one butterfly of yellow color. Under the sunshine, the golden light is very magnificent. In some valleys, there are several kinds of butterflies, flying up and down, colorful, just like who sprinkled a handful of colorful petals in the air and fluttered with the wind and flew away with the wind."}, {"nb": 395, "data": "They shed tears in the dense forest where some small animals live, and they live happily. Suddenly one day, a lot of people came from the forest. They sawed down a big tree. The little animals ran around in panic. The panda said: \"I have no bamboo to eat.\" The snake said: \"I have no place to hide.\" The bird said: \"I have no place to lay a nest and lay eggs.\" As they said, they all shed sad tears."}, {"nb": 396, "data": "The little tropical fish looks pretty. It has a triangular shape, a golden body, and black markings. The tail is black, but also a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head and a pointed mouth with small bubbles spitting out. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 397, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 398, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 399, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 400, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad, I'm the \"little princess\" at home. Parents are watching me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, so I might be hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother would be used to me, so I might be wronged. Only Dad, I have often been ignorant of me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I was doing my homework, I ran into problems that I wouldn't do. As long as I asked Dad, he would tell me the answer. But during these days, I found that my father became \"lazy\", and asked no questions in ten. Sometimes I looked at me sternly, and when I asked again, he said, \"Read the book by yourself to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would vaguely feel the smile in my father's eyes. Today, I ran into a problem that I had never seen before, and after racking my brain, I couldn't do it. I had to ask my father: \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded straight, lest my father would refuse me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied: \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad entered the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, my father took a book and came to my room. The answer was clearly written on the book. He explained it to me carefully and asked me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why my dad became \"lazy\". With a stern and irrational attitude, he cultivated my ability to think independently and solve problems. In a unique way, he expressed his fierce love and sincere love for children."}, {"nb": 401, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 402, "data": "Peacocks, starlings, and hens used to have a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. Peacock ran to the farmer first and said, \"Let me live with you! I look best, open the tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the starling came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you. Let's be together! My mouth is the most coincident. Whatever you say, I will say it, and I will definitely tell you to listen. \"At this time, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen: \"What skills do you have?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither pretty nor good at mouth. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"An egg down the earth is more valuable than fiddling a hundred times with beautiful feathers and saying a thousand nice words. Hardworking and willing hens, welcome you to live here.\" Peacock and starling listened to the farmer , Embarrassed to leave."}, {"nb": 403, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 404, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 405, "data": "The technology of soilless culture is also remarkable. Scientists and technicians dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water. On the way home, I couldn't help thinking: With advanced science and technology, the changes in agriculture are really big!"}, {"nb": 406, "data": "The two green leaves of mother's spring are the spring of the earth. A group of lively little fish is the spring of the sea. The singing bird is the spring of the forest. I grow up healthily, it is my mother's spring!"}, {"nb": 407, "data": "Dandelion's umbrella Dandelion is as white as snowflakes and as light as cotton wool. How beautiful it is, your little flying umbrella! Alas, it is a pity that your umbrella is too small. Otherwise, you can take me, take my little deer, fly, fly, fly over wide rivers, fly over high mountains, fly to grandma's house, and have a happy Sunday!"}, {"nb": 408, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 409, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 410, "data": "The little tropical fish looks pretty. It has a triangular shape, a golden body, and black markings. The tail is black, but also a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head and a pointed mouth with small bubbles spitting out. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 411, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 412, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 413, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered to discuss who has the greatest skill. The thumb first stood up proudly and said: \"This question is very simple, of course, I have the greatest ability, or why should I rank first?\" The second thumb stopped, and hurriedly said: \"I am the most amazing, no matter what people do , I used my finger to point, where did you do anything? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up and said,\" Look, look, straighten out five fingers, which is the tallest than Bibi. \" ... The ring finger and the little finger are not to be outdone. They all take their own housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: see who can take it, and whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they rubbed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought your five fingers together? Five fingers were put together, and it was picked up with a light touch. Look at me with five fingers, and I look at you, all smiled embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 414, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 415, "data": "What a beautiful butterfly! It is like a leaf, dancing in the wind and falling slowly. There are stripes on their wings, some of them are goose yellow, some are orange, some are dark green, and there are colors that can't be said!"}, {"nb": 416, "data": "The marvelous eye astronomical telescope is the \"eye\" of an astronomer, and it can be used to see distant stars; the microscope is the doctor's \"eye\", and it can be used to see very small bacteria; the periscope is the navy's \"eye.\" Monitor enemies at sea."}, {"nb": 417, "data": "Spring rain and spring rain rustle, and spring rain and sand rustle, as thin as a cow's hair, fluttering. Floating in fruit forests, dotted with red peach blossoms, sprinkled on treetops, dyed with green willow buds, landed in fields, moistened crops, landed in ponds, and awakened frogs. Wet my brim and wet his gown. Under the drizzle, we planted pits and planted trees to green the motherland. Spring rain rustles, spring rain rustles."}, {"nb": 418, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 419, "data": "Sheep rushed out of the gate and jumped towards the boundless grassland. The herdsmen stepped on the horses and chased the happy sheep. In the distance, flocks of sheep flutter like white clouds, the shepherd's singing echoes under the blue sky."}, {"nb": 420, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 421, "data": "One day, the rooster and the duck are more powerful than anyone. They run before running. The rooster ran with the fly and dragged the duck down a long way. The duck could not catch up with the swing of the duck. The cock said triumphantly to the duck: \"You can believe that my skills are greater!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swam fast and steady, the rooster covered with water, almost drowned. The duck also proudly said to the rooster: \"It's still my skill.\" No one will obey anyone."}, {"nb": 422, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, \"Mother said:\" The sun is round, red. \"The little rabbit pointed to two red, round lanterns and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"Mother said:\" This is a lantern \"The sun is outside!\" The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed at three round red radishes. \"Is this the sun?\" Mom replied, \"This is a radish. Is the sun in the sky !?\" Little The rabbit raised his head and pointed to the red round balloon floating in the sky and asked: \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon, the sun will shine, you see\" The little rabbit followed her mother's finger Found the sun in the direction. The little rabbit shouted loudly: \"I found it! The sun is red, round, and warm on the body.\""}, {"nb": 423, "data": "A group of animals are eating grass and a tiger is rushing in. The animals were frightened and fled, but the only rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger froze for a moment before turning around and leaving. The animals who watched from afar swarmed up and surrounded the warrior, singing a tribute to it. The tiger didn't go far, it spied far away. After a while, he saw that the rhinoceros had left this group of animals, and immediately returned to charge. The animals fled again and again. There was only a naive little lamb just born, who was not afraid, and greeted him with a pair of curious eyes, screaming intimately at the tiger. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother-in-law and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. For a moment, he turned away. The animals watching from afar flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger and sang praises to it."}, {"nb": 424, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 425, "data": "Watching the car in the wind and rain In the wind and rain, the three old men are squeezed in an umbrella and their faces pale. Even though they were sitting under the eaves, the rain kept hitting their faces and bodies. At this time their clothes were soaked. However, they did not care about themselves. Three pairs of eyes were staring at the square in front of them, where two bicycles were parked, covered with their only raincoats. The owner of the car has not yet come to pick it up. \"Maybe it was trapped by the rain?\" They said, but no one wanted to go first. The cold wind blew in bursts and the rain came again and again, but none of them got up, and their three pairs of eyes were still on the two bicycles not far away. Are they just for the parking fees of those few cents?"}, {"nb": 426, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 427, "data": "There is a crooked creek in front of the clear stream's little rabbit's house. The stream is clear and bright, which can reflect the shadow of the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the stream in front of his door turned yellow. It was very strange, so he walked along the creek and wanted to see what happened. The rabbit walked along and saw the tall elephant and the fat wild boar. They were panting and exerting their strength to compete for a thick tree by the creek, who wanted to compare their strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as he ran, \"Hurry up and stop! You loosen the dirt, the dirt fell into the stream, and we have no clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed urgently, and all knew that he was wrong, so he worked together to plant the big tree back. Soon the stream cleared again, reflecting the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky."}, {"nb": 428, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 429, "data": "One night, an artificial satellite passed by Sister Moon. Sister Moon asked: \"Brother, where are you from? What are you doing in space?\" The satellite said: \"I'm from China. Scientists sent me to broadcast TV programs.\" Sister Moon said happily, \"Welcome, Chinese friend ! \""}, {"nb": 430, "data": "When it rains, the little white rabbit gathers mushrooms on the grass and has a good time. Suddenly, the wind blew and the rain started. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and placed it on the head as an umbrella, but the rain would not rain. Suddenly, it saw a chick drenched. \"Chicks, come under the leaves!\" So the chicks and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing again in the rain. \"Little cats, come under the leaves!\" So the three of them hid under the big leaves. The rain stopped, and they played happily together."}, {"nb": 431, "data": "There are still many strange stones in Huangshan, such as \"Guan Dog Mochizuki\", \"Lions Grab the Ball\", \"Fairy Playing the Piano\" ... Those strange-shaped rocks that can't be named are waiting for you to give them a name!"}, {"nb": 432, "data": "Bees and butterflies in the morning, the weather is particularly clear, the little bees said goodbye to their mother, went to the garden to gather honey. The flowers in the garden were scented, and the little bee was so happy that he sang buzzing while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"You are so ugly, little bee with bulging eyes. What else are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee heard that and returned home sadly. My mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's wrong with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said. Mother said earnestly: \"Child, you can't just look at your appearance, you have to see if you can help others \"\" The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey."}, {"nb": 433, "data": "Father Sun had a cold in the winter morning. Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew, she quickly ran to the animal radio and broadcast loudly: \"Sun Grandpa has a cold! Who has a cure for the cold? Please send it quickly-\" The first squirrel heard, he was very anxious and quickly took a red Leather hat sent. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time. His mother cooked ginger soup for him and cured the cold. So, he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox also knew that he was busy with a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. Father Sun put on a hat, put on a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily, and his face slowly turned red. \"Sun Father is sick! Sun Father is sick!\" The little squirrel, little black pig and little fox cried, jumped happily, and kept patting their little hands ..."}, {"nb": 434, "data": "Wu Han borrowed a book from the famous historian Wu Han. When he was a boy, he often walked dozens of miles to the county book collector to read books. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, halfway through. When the book was finished, he returned the same way, and returned the book to borrow another one. Once, Wu Han borrowed a copy of \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" and said that after three months of reading, who knows to return the book on the fifth day. The bibliophile was dubious. He selected several stories in the book for him to tell. Wu Han told them accurately. The bibliographer nodded again and again."}, {"nb": 435, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 436, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 437, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 438, "data": "In autumn, the trees are full of fruits. On the hillside, rows of persimmon trees are lined with persimmons like red lanterns. There is a wild fruit tree on the top of the mountain. These fruits are ripe, with red hawthorn; pea-sized tree heads red; and purple grapes. The most lovable thing is the golden lotus seed. You see its golden body is hidden in the green leaves. There are tiny thorns all over the body, which makes people afraid and like it. If you take a pill and remove the thorn, put it in your mouth to taste it."}, {"nb": 439, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 440, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 441, "data": "White clouds floated on the blue sky of the bird's house. In the green forest, the trees grew very lush. The two birds whispered on the branches. Look, they have yellow and yellow feathers, pointed little mouths, how cute they are!"}, {"nb": 442, "data": "Who is the smartest? There is a king who gives each of the three sons a coin. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw, which did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground, which could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle, and the lit candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest?"}, {"nb": 443, "data": "The lotus leaf wind came, the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf umbrella on its head. The raindrops hit the lotus leaf, and it rattled like a happy drumbeat. The frogs danced happily under the lotus leaf umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. The little fox ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called him: \"Little fox, I lent you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. The little fox danced happily under the umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called them: \"Little white rabbit, this umbrella is lent to you!\" Two little white rabbits played with lotus leaf umbrellas. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. Two little white rabbits danced with joyful drums. The enthusiastic and generous frogs also lent lotus leaf umbrellas to chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leaf umbrellas everywhere, happy drums everywhere, and happy dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 444, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 445, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and painted. I first drew a piece of forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forest is green and the trees are very dense. I drew the blue sky above the forest again. There are white clouds floating in the sky. Then, I drew a few birds in the forest with yellow feathers and pointed mouths, which is very interesting. Finally, I gave the picture a name: \"The Bird's Home\"."}, {"nb": 446, "data": "The water of the lake is green, the lotus leaves are red, and the flowers have died. The lotus is like a shower head in the bathroom. It is not possible to bathe with it. There is a lotus seed sleeping in it, white and fat like peanuts."}, {"nb": 447, "data": "The small round pond is like a bright little mirror. According to the little grass, it's so green. According to the little tree, it is green and green. The little flowers are so beautiful. You take a picture, I take a picture, everyone laughs."}, {"nb": 448, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 449, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 450, "data": "It's snowing, it's snowing, it's snowing! Snow flakes fell from the sky. The snow is getting bigger and bigger, like goose feathers, like cotton wool, like white butterflies, and it looks very good. The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole ground was white. The children made snowmen in the snow and played snowball fights. They are having a good time!"}, {"nb": 451, "data": "Mother planted a few beads of grapes on the grass in front of the door. A large bunch of agate-like grapes hang under the green leaves, there are red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, beautiful, very beautiful. Dad's face was filled with the joy of a bumper harvest."}, {"nb": 452, "data": "The fruit is ripe in the orchard. Apples are blushing like dolls; yellow persimmons are covered with branches; pomegranates also playfully grin their small mouths and smile at us. Look at the oranges, they are all round and chubby, watching the children's games on the branches, they also want to come down and play!"}, {"nb": 453, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 454, "data": "Black Swan Black Swan heard everyone said that during the day the goose is beautiful, thinking: I was not born black, it was born white! Hi ! If only one day can change the feather with the white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night, it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. While taking advantage of the white swan's deep sleep, it quietly smeared ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, as soon as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced: \"Look, the white swan has turned black, I have turned white, the white swan is ugly, I am beautiful!\" , Laughing at the black swans one after another. The black swan was puzzled for a while. At this time, the elder sister came over and said with a long heart: \"Little girl, we usually say you are ugly and say that the white swan is beautiful, not referring to your appearance, but to your heart. Usually the white swan thinks much about everyone, this is its advantage. You think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, do n\u2019t you prove your ugliness? In fact, what is the use of smearing and disguising yourself? If you want to throw away the ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct your shortcomings. \""}, {"nb": 455, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 456, "data": "Plants also have to sleep. Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also have to sleep. Under the sunshine of the red clover, three small leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing refreshed; at night, the three small leaves are closed together, as if the eyes are closed. In the sunny day, the family stretches out the leaves and looks happy, the night falls, the leaves are joined together in pairs, and they have a good night's sleep. The water lily, when the morning of the day came, slowly opened its petals, revealing a charming smile. As the sun sets, the water lily gradually closes its petals and enters dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent freezing, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep."}, {"nb": 457, "data": "Big dragonfly, big dragonfly, green eyes, a pair of wings sparkling. Fly to the west, fly to the east, fly around to catch mosquitoes and flies."}, {"nb": 458, "data": "On the way home from the traffic police, I can always see an uncle of the traffic policeman at the crossroads. He stood there with aura, wearing snow-white gloves on his hands, and directing traffic with gestures. His hand pointed to the east for a while, and to the south for a while. The vehicles in all directions passed through the crossroads in the direction indicated by his gestures. I think: With the uncle of the traffic policeman, the person driving the car will not be in trouble."}, {"nb": 459, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hill, the hill holds beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field presents the green grass; touch the river, the river chants the song of the mountain ... The magic hand of spring breeze, Also help children take off the thick cotton jacket, let them laugh and run on the spring ground ..."}, {"nb": 460, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered to discuss who has the greatest skill. The thumb first stood up proudly and said: \"This question is very simple, of course, I have the greatest ability, or why should I rank first?\" The second thumb stopped, and hurriedly said: \"I am the most amazing, no matter what people do , I used my finger to point, where did you do anything? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up and said,\" Look, look, straighten out five fingers, which is the tallest than Bibi. \" ... The ring finger and the little finger are not to be outdone. They all take their own housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: see who can take it, and whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they rubbed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought your five fingers together? Five fingers were put together, and it was picked up with a light touch. Look at me with five fingers, and I look at you, all smiled embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 461, "data": "Several animals in the zoo are playing the seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The little squirrel cannot raise the sika deer. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot lift the red panda. The little squirrel plays with the little monkey. The little squirrel cannot lift the little monkey up. The sika deer plays with the red panda, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the heaviest?"}, {"nb": 462, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 463, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 464, "data": "My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. Full of pink peach, snowy pear flower. At the foot of the mountain there is a beautiful new house, that is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The river is clear and clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly-built mountain road bends and stretches into the distance. I love my little mountain village, I love my hometown."}, {"nb": 465, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 466, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 467, "data": "There is a crescent creek in front of our village. In the spring, the ice and snow in the river melted, and the river flowed slowly around the village. There is a stone bridge over the river. Weeping willows by the river spit out tender green buds, and pink peach blossoms protruded from the branches. Swarms of small fish swim around in the river. After school, we came to the river and sang and danced, not to mention how happy we were."}, {"nb": 468, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 469, "data": "Spring silkworms are career-minded, and Madam Curie is someone who devotes her entire body and mind to the cause of science and human progress. She devoted her life to researching radium, establishing a new radiology science, and becoming a pioneer in nuclear physics. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently, and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of the spring silkworm. This is the character of the moving Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 470, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 471, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel likes to live on the tree, often nesting in the middle of the tree branch. When building a nest, it first moved some small branches, staggered and put them together, and then found some moss to spread on it, and then pressed the moss tightly and flattened it. The nest is built, and a cover is added to it, so that you are not afraid of wind and rain. The squirrel's nest is warm and safe."}, {"nb": 472, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, \"Mother said:\" The sun is round, red. \"The little rabbit pointed to two red, round lanterns and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"Mother said:\" This is a lantern \"The sun is outside!\" The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed at three round red radishes. \"Is this the sun?\" Mom replied, \"This is a radish. Is the sun in the sky !?\" Little The rabbit raised his head and pointed to the red round balloon floating in the sky and asked: \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon, the sun will shine, you see\" The little rabbit followed her mother's finger Found the sun in the direction. The little rabbit shouted loudly: \"I found it! The sun is red, round, and warm on the body.\""}, {"nb": 473, "data": "Small saplings, lined up, greening the motherland is busy. Walk to both sides of the road station and hold a green umbrella on the street. Walk to the wind outlet of the field station to block the sand and ensure a good harvest. When we walked to the desert and stood firm, the desert was green and green. When I walked to the barren hill and settled down, I was wearing green clothes."}, {"nb": 474, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 475, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I carried the shovel, took the sapling, and came to the river. I dug a hole with a spade and carefully planted the saplings. My mother saw me and asked me with a smile: \"My child, what kind of tree do you plant?\" I answered loudly: \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be sent to children around the world Spread happiness. \"Mom touched my head and said kindly:\" We wish the happiness tree grow up quickly so that every child in the world can share happiness! \""}, {"nb": 476, "data": "Children love their hometown, and they love to paint their beautiful hometown. Taotao's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted was so blue and so wide. One boat is full of fish and shrimps. The child who picked up shells on the beach with bare feet is Tao Tao. Shanshan's hometown is in the mountains. The mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. Before and after the house are tall and big trees. The mountains and hills in the painting, carrying a small bamboo basket, are about to go to the woods to gather mushrooms."}, {"nb": 477, "data": "The lion and the fox lion are old and unable to capture the beast, so he wants to live his life by tricks. He burrowed into a cave, lying down and pretending to be sick. Many beasts came to visit him in the cave and were eaten by him. The fox saw his tricks and stood at the entrance of the cave and said, \"Lion King, how is he doing?\" The lion said: \"I'm not in good health. Why don't you come in?\" The fox replied: \"Because I see many footprints \u2014\u2014 There are a lot of holes, but there are no holes, so I wo n\u2019t go in. \u201d"}, {"nb": 478, "data": "In spring, the spring flowers bloomed. A small yellow trumpet grew out of the green branches. The small horn blew, awakened the bees, attracted butterflies, and attracted a group of dolls who loved spring."}, {"nb": 479, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 480, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is here, the flowers show a small face, and the grass stretches its waist. Spring is here, spring is here, the swallows build a new nest, and the magpies whisper."}, {"nb": 481, "data": "There is a little tiger in the forest than before, he thinks he is the king of the forest, he has the greatest ability, and he is proud all day long. The ostrich said dissatisfiedly: \"Let's run than run.\" I saw the ostrich running towards the finish like an arrow. The little ostrich won in the cry of the little animals. The little tiger touched his head, and he could not believe that this was true. At this moment, the little monkey climbed down from the tree and said, \"Let's compare it to climbing a tree?\" In the cheering of the little animals, the little monkey climbed to the tree quickly. It also mischievously grimaced at the little tiger under the tree. The little tiger said angrily: \"We are better than running and climbing trees, it is better than swimming.\" The animals came to the river, and the little fish said: \"Let me compare with you.\" He lowered his head, sneaked away, and the animals smiled happily."}, {"nb": 482, "data": "Little sparrow's ambitions Little sparrows have a lot of fantasies, but they don't know what they can do, they can't make up their minds. He thought, as a singer, he stood on a branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how he practiced, there was no Lark Bird's sister singing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the house all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot or a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persevere. It felt very sad that it couldn't do anything. Mother said to it: \"Child, your ambitions are very good, but you don't have longevity, you must have a goal in life, and after setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. If you always give up halfway, then forever Can't succeed! \""}, {"nb": 483, "data": "The turtle is a kind of reptile. It can swim and crawl, but it crawls very slowly. Turtles eat grass, but also eat small fish and shrimp. Turtles also like to bask in the sun. During hibernation, it does not eat or move."}, {"nb": 484, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 485, "data": "In an instant, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again. As soon as he closed the door, he heard someone knocking on the door. It turned out that the duck was watching it. The little duck said, \"Brother Hedgehog, in order to cure your arthritis, I will weave together the wool that I usually shed and sew you a soft duck down, so that you can sleep warmly throughout the winter.\""}, {"nb": 486, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 487, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers, some of the pool lotus leaves are like an umbrella that is stretched out, some are like big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap between the lotus leaves, I saw a lot of thorns with thorns on the surface of the water. The tops of the lotus stems are covered with white lotus flowers. The lotus is in a variety of poses, one by one, and some are in full bloom, exposing golden stamens and bright yellow small lotus; some only spread two or three petals. Lovely fairy; some still have flowers and buds that haven't been laid. There was a lotus that had just opened and seemed to be shy, hiding behind the big lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 488, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 489, "data": "My bed is a small boat. My bed is like a small boat. The babysitter helps me step into the cabin. She put me on sailor's clothes and sent me to sail in the dark. I stood at the bow of the boat, saying goodbye to all my friends on the shore. I closed my eyes and sailed, and I no longer heard or saw anything. Sometimes, I put things on the bed, like the thoughtful sailor, take a whole piece of wedding cake, or take a few toys together. All night, we sailed at the helm, and finally, the boat drove into the daytime. I found that my boat was close to the pier and returned to my room safely."}, {"nb": 490, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 491, "data": "The seven-year-old poet Luo Binwang was a famous poet in the Tang Dynasty. He can write poetry at the age of seven. One day, King Luo Bin played by the pond and saw two snow-white geese swimming around on the turquoise water. The little white goose also stretched out his neck and cried with joy. King Luo Bin was so fascinated that he wrote a poem: Goose Goose, Song Xiangtiange. White hair floats in green water, and Anthurium clears waves. The poem written by the seven-year-old poet has been circulating to the present."}, {"nb": 492, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 493, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 494, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 495, "data": "A flock of flies and mosquitoes fluttered on the garbage dump, and another group of mosquitoes flew from somewhere. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump for a day. The fly said aloud: \"Hey, little mosquito, our family of flies is so powerful. Every one of us has two names. When we were kids, we were called maggots. When we grew up, we were called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply: \"I thought What's so great about you, don't you just have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. When I was young, I was called moor, and when I grew up, I called mosquitoes. Great! We all have two names. \"When they were smug, a Miaomiao children's team came and he was holding a\" radar \"spray at them.\" Flapping \", the mosquito flies were all dead. Empty."}, {"nb": 496, "data": "The sun slowly sinks. Its round face turned red, and the clouds around it were dyed yellow, red, purple ..."}, {"nb": 497, "data": "Question mark in childhood Childhood is a poem, Childhood is a dream, Childhood is a long series of question marks. There is an English boy named Newton. When he saw the apple falling from the tree, he thought: Why did the apple fall to the ground instead of flying to the sky? There is also an English boy named Watt. He saw that the water was boiling and the lid was bouncing up and down, and asked his aunt: \"Why should the lid be dancing?\" In his childhood, he slowly spent the question mark. Later, Newton and Watt became great scientists."}, {"nb": 498, "data": "Whose tail is long? Whose tail is short? Whose tail looks like an umbrella? The monkey's tail is long. The rabbit's tail is short. The squirrel 's tail looks like an umbrella."}, {"nb": 499, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 500, "data": "The person who loves the earth the most is its mother. Who is the mother of the earth? It is the sun. On one occasion, the earth suddenly missed Mother Sun, and it thought: \"Mother Sun is so good to me. From birth until now, it has loved me so much. I should give Mother Sun a gift!\" What? The earth thought for a long time, and could not think of the result. In the end, it decided to consult Uncle Feng, because Uncle Feng had traveled all over the world and had the broadest knowledge, and it would certainly help it solve this problem."}, {"nb": 501, "data": "Spring is here and the water of the small river is flowing. The trees on the shore were green, the peach blossoms were blooming, and the young wheat in the distance began to turn green. In this spring season, the teacher led the students to plant trees in the wild. Under the leadership of the teacher, some of them dug pits, some lifted water, and some planted seedlings. Everyone was doing a great job."}, {"nb": 502, "data": "Little yellow warbler sings spring is coming, animals in the woods are going to have a party. The little squirrel asked the little yellow warbler to sing. The little yellow warbler did not dare to go. His mother said to him: Be brave, children. Everyone loves to listen to you. You should sing to everyone. go Go ! Little Yellow Warbler was the last to perform on stage. He found that the gaze of his little friend was all focused on himself, and his voice shook with a panic. The little starlings and magpies under the stage couldn't help laughing at it. Little Huangying returned home and said to her mother: \"I won't sing anymore.\" Mother said: \"It doesn't matter. You will sing more to everyone in the future. The courage will become bigger.\" Little Huangying listened to her mother's words and practiced singing every day. . The more you sing, the greater your courage, and the more you sing, the better. Summer is here and there will be another party in the woods. Little Yellow Oring was the first to perform on stage. This time, he didn't panic at all, and the song he sang was very nice. Everyone applauded the applause of Little Starling and Little Magpie."}, {"nb": 503, "data": "Monkeys boil melons The fruits of the monkeys have a great harvest. On this day, the monkey holding the pumpkin is about to nibble. The little squirrel said kindly on the tree: \"Brother monkey, the pumpkin is cooked and eaten, and it is sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him. \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well try Try, when did I lie to you? \"The monkey doubted and cooked the pumpkin and tasted it. It was really sweet and delicious, much better than raw. He said happily: \"It's true to listen to others with humility!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey: \"Boy monkey, those watermelons and melons you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again, and tasted it again. Only then did the monkey know that he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's wrong not to believe in others. It's easier to be deceived if you believe in others!\""}, {"nb": 504, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 505, "data": "Place your home as grass and water, and water as tea, and place your home under the big tree. The elder brother builds the house, the younger brother grows crops, the older sister makes clothes, I go to feed the chickens and ducks, the younger sister is young, watching the rag doll."}, {"nb": 506, "data": "Ronaldinho Ronaldinho is a smart boy. He always thinks and thinks about everything he does. When painting, he thought while painting, how to paint like this. When writing, he remembered while thinking, what strokes were up, down, left, and right. After writing the essay, he likes to think quietly and always likes to use the words and sentences he has read to find ways to use it. Therefore, he is often praised by his teachers, and everyone praises his cleverness."}, {"nb": 507, "data": "The lotus leaf wind came, the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf umbrella on its head. The raindrops hit the lotus leaf, and it rattled like a happy drumbeat. The frogs danced happily under the lotus leaf umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. The little fox ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called him: \"Little fox, I lent you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. The little fox danced happily under the umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called them: \"Little white rabbit, this umbrella is lent to you!\" Two little white rabbits played with lotus leaf umbrellas. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. Two little white rabbits danced with joyful drums. The enthusiastic and generous frogs also lent lotus leaf umbrellas to chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leaf umbrellas everywhere, happy drums everywhere, and happy dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 508, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 509, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiaohe only has pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood on it.\" This is a poem I had memorized before, and I really saw this scene when I came to the pond. A pool of green lotus leaves was squeezed and swayed gently in the breeze. A lot of crystal dewdrops rolled on the lotus leaf and slipped into the water from time to time. A lot of bright lotus flowers emerged from the lotus leaf like a big disc, some were shyly wrapped in flower bones, and some bloomed pink petals, showing yellow stamens, exuding alluring Fragrance. Sister Dragonfly was already intoxicated by the beauty in front of her. She fluttered her wings and paused on the lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire it. Sometimes she smelled a scent on the lotus flower. I am embarrassed to say: \"Without the background of Sister Lotus, how can I be beautiful!\""}, {"nb": 510, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 511, "data": "My favorite denim jacket I like the denim jacket of Xiaolu Banner. This denim is made of blue and white colors, the collar is semi-circular, the blue and white background is embroidered with two yellow flowers, very beautiful, on the two pockets on the chest There are two small red flowers that look even more beautiful. In the middle of the clothes, there is a straight red zipper. At the lower part of the pocket is a cute Snoopy wearing a purple sportswear with the number 3 written on it. He holds the ball in his hand, wears a purple hat on his head, and wears a pair of black and white sneakers on his feet. The eyes are black and small, like two black beans. There are two thin and long eyebrows on the eyes. A long nose curled outwards, and a small black nose grew on it. The corner of the mouth tilted upward, as if smiling at me. This denim jacket is stretchy. It is most suitable for wearing in spring and autumn. I really like this denim jacket! Because I wear it and it looks very spiritual."}, {"nb": 512, "data": "Big Tortoise We have a big tortoise in our house. It is tan and has a hard shell. There are 13 pentagonal scales in the middle of its shell and 27 quadrilateral scales around it, indicating that it is 27 years old. Its head looks like a snake, with a pointed mouth and a pair of small black eyes, four sharp claws and a small tail. The tortoise crawled very slowly. It raised its head and looked around for a while before it began to crawl. When he met the horse and retracted his head into the shell, he looked very cute. When the fishermen near the Yellow River found it, it was very sick. Under our careful care, it became healthy. When spring came, we were ready to send it back to the Yellow River to make it a happy life."}, {"nb": 513, "data": "To the mouse, I like you-a pair of smart eyes, pink ears. Although I love to do bad things, I still like you. If I come to your kingdom, I must ask you to wash your face, wash your hands, take a bath, and brush your teeth. Also teach you to work by yourself and don't sneak in when doing things. I also want to introduce you a friend-its name is cat."}, {"nb": 514, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out to be good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup on the plate and said, \"Please eat.\" But nothing was eaten. A few days later, the crane also invited the fox to eat. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell. Arrived, had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane returned the hypocritical fox in the same way."}, {"nb": 515, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 516, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 517, "data": "I know . White clouds are floating in the blue sky. There is a small river in the valley, and the water flows slowly. There is a green bamboo forest not far away, and there are fiery wildflowers beside the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here! What a beautiful scenery here! What is this place ? This is my lovely hometown."}, {"nb": 518, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 519, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 520, "data": "Cry when it rains, can you cry when it rains? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why is the little girl crying? Little Rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad, and her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl's tears continued to flow out after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Little Yu burst into tears in the little girl's tears. \"Huh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I am a little rain!\" Said Xiaoyu, crying, \"because you see nothing, I am sad for you!\" \"Thank you, little rain!\" The little girl smiled, \"I do n\u2019t Cry, do n\u2019t cry! You hear, there are so many little rains laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy \"\" Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughing and singing with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears were dry, and the little rain disappeared. She also had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-color little rain, and came into the little girl \u2019s eyes, and the little girl saw it with great pleasure. La!"}, {"nb": 521, "data": "Vegetables are more powerful than vegetable gardens. Vegetables are boasting about their skills. Celery said: \"I am a delicacy, lowering blood pressure is my specialty.\" Spinach said: \"Strengthen physical fitness, prevent anemia, can not do without me.\" Cucumber said: \"beautiful skin to wrinkle, you have to rely on me.\" Carrot said : \"Vitamins can't be lacking, the little ginseng is me.\""}, {"nb": 522, "data": "Autumn girl Grasshopper is still screaming, her throat is dumb. Everyone is looking forward to it, autumn girl is finally here, she flew down with the wild geese from the high blue sky. Burning torches danced in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kissing apple faces in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple------The autumn girl walked all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red. Every footprint was full of our laughter."}, {"nb": 523, "data": "A few days ago, my mother gave me and my sister a big pomegranate. Pomegranate is not good-looking. It does not have the rosy and smooth appearance of apples, which makes people look envious. It does not have the enticing aroma of pineapples. It had only a rough layer of yellow skin, rustic in the soil, and a crack on top of it, like a smirk grinning. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. My mother told me that it was the place where the pomegranate bloomed. I opened the yellow skin of the pomegranate: ah! It is full of very beautiful seeds like crystal beads. They are squeezed tightly and full, and they look really good. The seeds are eaten in the mouth, sweet and sour, really tasteful! My sister and I like eating very much. My mother said to us: \"Don't you only see its seeds that look good and delicious, you can't see the rustic peel in the soil, hi, it's still a traditional Chinese medicine for diarrhea!\" Eating pomegranate, listening to mother's words, I Understand: Nothing can only look at its appearance. Although pomegranate is not beautiful in appearance, it is useful from the inside to the inside."}, {"nb": 524, "data": "In the morning when the sun was in the fog, I just ran up and hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog is really big, and the thick fog in the sky makes the earth vague and a piece of dim. After a while, the eastern sun slowly rose. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, not dazzling at all. The fog rises slowly under the sun, and the rise gradually dissipates. The sun rises and rises slowly, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the blades of grass shines like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays of light, so that a few white clouds floating in mid-air become golden in a flash. After a while, it was dyed rose again. In the east, half of the sky is stained red. The scenery is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 525, "data": "The Little Zoo The little zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer, and goats, etc. I like the goats in it the most. When I came to the zoo, I first ran to the lamb fold and took out the grass that I had prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat ran over. It has white hair, smooth and beautiful, with a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth, running, \"bleating\" while running Shouted."}, {"nb": 526, "data": "The beautiful girl of Spring Girl is here. The girl wears a wreath made of colorful flowers on her head and wears a green and transparent skirt on her body. The tender green grass said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"You made my skirt with green.\" The blooming flowers said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Yes You made my crown of flowers with petals. \"The willow tree by the river said:\" Spring girl, you are so beautiful! \"Spring girl said:\" You used the soft branches to decorate my tress. \"The flying butterfly said: \"Miss Spring, you are so beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Without your beauty, how can there be my beauty? My beauty belongs to everyone.\""}, {"nb": 527, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sunlight, we blow up colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly to the blue sky. Some are like small dewdrops, and some are like beautiful colored balls. Bubbles flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom; Bubbles flew to space and danced with the stars in the sky; Bubbles flew to the lawn, holding hands with the grass hand, shoulder by shoulder, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 528, "data": "Washing my father's hair last night, my father was going to wash his hair. I had a sudden whims, shouting to wash him. I first sprinkled hot water on my dad's hair, then squeezed shampoo and rubbed it gently on my dad's head. Although I was very careful, my dad's face was covered with water and bubbles. I usually feel so easy to wash my hair, but I didn't expect it to be really easy to do. Dad seems to see through my mind and encourages me to say: \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash someone's hair. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\" After listening to his words, I was not as nervous as before. The flushing has also become smooth. After washing, I asked my father if he felt okay. He said happily: \"It's great, my daughter is really grown up!\" Unexpectedly, I only did a small thing to make my father so happy."}, {"nb": 529, "data": "The spring clothes of the little rabbits are here, and the creatures on the earth have a new look. Mother Rabbit said to the little rabbit: \"We should change our clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket and said, \"No, the white jacket is beautiful!\" After that, he went to play in the woods. When the little rabbit saw the partridge bird wearing a flower dress, he asked strangely, \"How did you change the white dress to a flower dress?\" The partridge bird said, \"It is not easy to be spotted by the enemy when you put on the flower dress in spring. Encountered a frog. The frog just woke up after hibernation, and after bathing, his whole body was shiny green. He said to the little rabbit: \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper popped up and wore green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to jump around in the grass. My mother said, it is appropriate to wear this kind of clothes. You should also go to change your spring clothes!\" Little Rabbit quickly went home to change clothes. My mother said with a smile: \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit looked, and he had grown a lot of gray hairs on his body, and changed into gray spring clothes!"}, {"nb": 530, "data": "Five-star red flag, our national flag. The national anthem rises high. We stand upright and salute you."}, {"nb": 531, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 532, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 533, "data": "In an instant, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again. As soon as he closed the door, he heard someone knocking on the door. It turned out that the duck was watching it. The little duck said, \"Brother Hedgehog, in order to cure your arthritis, I will weave together the wool that I usually shed and sew you a soft duck down, so that you can sleep warmly throughout the winter.\""}, {"nb": 534, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 535, "data": "A few white clouds floated in the blue sky outside the suburbs. In the valley, a clear stream flows quietly. In the distance, there is a green bamboo forest with pink wildflowers on the edge of the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here and how beautiful is the scenery here."}, {"nb": 536, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 537, "data": "My little grandma is just getting sick. I'll accompany my grandma to bask in the sun. The sun is warm. I changed my grandma's magic, and a small orange was formed, and the round oranges were red, like a little sun. \"Grandma, grandma, I peeled the oranges and we both ate. You have one, I have one; you have one, I have one.\" Grandma ate sweetly and warmed her heart. After eating the oranges, I said, \"The little sun is gone!\" Grandma hugged me, kissed my red face, and said to me, \"This is my little sun.\""}, {"nb": 538, "data": "Song Lian likes to read when he was young, and had no money to buy books, so he had to borrow from others. Every time he borrowed a book, he always said the return date was good and returned it in time. Once, he borrowed a book, and the more he read it, the more he liked it, so he decided to copy it down. He copied the book all night, and his mother said: \"Children, it's midnight. Let's copy it at dawn. People are not in a hurry to ask for a book.\" Song Lian said: \"No matter what people are in a hurry, they will return the book when the deadline is reached. If you do n\u2019t talk about credit, how can you get respect from others. \""}, {"nb": 539, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 540, "data": "I will change. As soon as the sun is shining, I become a gas. Ascending to the sky, I became countless tiny dots again, connected in a piece, floating in the sky. Sometimes I wear white clothes, sometimes I wear black clothes, and in the morning and evening I put a red robe on my body again."}, {"nb": 541, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 542, "data": "In the doctor forest of trees, there is a century-old tree, which is lush and leafy, and is a good place for birds to play with. One day, for no reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to the doctor of woodpeckers. The woodpecker doctor flew over. It stopped on the branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-its pointed mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked on the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then stretched out its mouth to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, all the tree bugs on the old tree were eaten up by the woodpecker. Wow ! Very comfortable. The old tree opened his smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No need to thank, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again."}, {"nb": 543, "data": "One summer evening, Wang Mian grazed cattle by the lake. Suddenly, the clouds were overcast and there was a heavy rain. After the heavy rain, the sun shone brightly on the lake. The lotus blossoms in the lake are more vivid. The pink petals are clear of water droplets, and the green lotus leaves are rolling with water droplets."}, {"nb": 544, "data": "Whose feet are best for a day, chickens, ducks, cats, and horses are arguing under the trees about their feet. The chicken said: \"My feet are the best. The long toes are sharp and flexible, and all the ground is for food.\" The duck said: \"My feet are the best. The toes have webs between them, like paddles, swimming It's convenient! \"The cat said,\" My feet are the best. There is a meat pad between the toes and the soles of the feet, and there is long hair. There is no sound when walking. It is inseparable to catch mice! \"Ma said:\" My feet are the most Okay. People nailed me with iron palms, just like putting on iron shoes. Pulling carts to transport things depends on my four feet. \"The old buffalo heard it and walked over and said:\" Don't fight, your feet are good. It \u2019s just that each has its own use, so why fight for whose feet are the best! \""}, {"nb": 545, "data": "I know . White clouds are floating in the blue sky. There is a small river in the valley, and the water flows slowly. There is a green bamboo forest not far away, and there are fiery wildflowers beside the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here! What a beautiful scenery here! What is this place ? This is my lovely hometown."}, {"nb": 546, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 547, "data": "The little painter in the snow is snowing! It's snowing! A group of small painters came in the snow. Chicks paint bamboo leaves, puppies paint plum blossoms, ducks paint maple leaves, and ponies paint crescents. Without paint, without a paintbrush, a picture can be made in a few steps. Why didn't the frog participate? It hid in the hole to sleep!"}, {"nb": 548, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 549, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 550, "data": "In the doctor forest of trees, there is a century-old tree, which is lush and leafy, and is a good place for birds to play with. One day, for no reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to the doctor of woodpeckers. The woodpecker doctor flew over. It stopped on the branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-its pointed mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked on the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then stretched out its mouth to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, all the tree bugs on the old tree were eaten up by the woodpecker. Wow ! Very comfortable. The old tree opened his smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No need to thank, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again."}, {"nb": 551, "data": "It was late autumn, the leaves gradually turned yellow, and a gust of autumn wind blew, and the yellow leaves fell slowly from the tree, just like many yellow butterflies flew down from the tree. I picked up a few fallen leaves and clamped them carefully in the book. I know this is the shadow left by Aunt Qiu."}, {"nb": 552, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 553, "data": "Girl Qiu flew into the garden with pride, and said to many flowers: \"Your flowering season is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on you to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, all kinds of chrysanthemums bloom in the garden Yes, there are yellows, there are whites ... The autumn girl came to the grass happily and said to the grass: \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I want to put on my cypress friends The wind is cold. \"So the grass was yellow and the cypresses on the campus and the road were greener. The autumn girl came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and geese to say, \"Hurry up and prepare, go to the south!\" So, the little swallows and geese flew in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 554, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 555, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blew away a series of soap bubbles, they were carrying red orange yellow green green blue blue purple and flew away. I am very sad, looking for them while walking. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you think I look like the bubble you blow? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said to me: \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me make a friend with you! \"... I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 556, "data": "The beautiful Phalaenopsis weather is so nice, I went for a walk with my dad and saw a flower on the side of the road. I asked my dad: \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me: \"This is a Phalaenopsis.\" I asked: \" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said:\" This flower is very peculiar, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I look closely, half of the petals of this flower are purple, the other half It's white, it's like a flying butterfly when it's blown by the wind, it's amazing!"}, {"nb": 557, "data": "I saw the woodpecker Saturday and Sunday. My father and mother took me to the Shanghai Botanical Garden to visit the newly built \"Tropical Botanical Museum\". It was noon after visiting the \"Lanyuan\" and \"Bonsai Garden\". We found a towering tree. Under the shade of the tree, my father and mother laid out plastic cloth. We sat on the ground and prepared for a picnic. Soon, there was a \"tuk tuk\" sound like knocking a wooden fish. I didn't take it seriously at first, but with the sound came a burst of wood chips, sprinkled on our jam like pepper, and I thought someone was joking with us. I was wondering, the sound of \"Tuk Tuk\" was getting closer and closer. Listening carefully, the sound came from above our heads. When I looked up and looked up, I was overjoyed. A woodpecker was pecking hard at the hole, and soon a large worm was hooked. I saw it spread its wings and flew away after eating the worm. This tour of the Botanical Garden is really happy. I saw the woodpecker."}, {"nb": 558, "data": "Blue dragonfly and fat frog A blue dragonfly stopped on a lotus leaf. He was thinking about something. A fat frog didn't see the blue dragonfly. He jumped hard on the lotus leaf. The blue dragonfly flew with fright. The fat frog was very embarrassed. He said, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!\" The blue dragonfly was not angry. He said, \"Little frog, I would love to make friends with you.\" \"Why?\" Asked the little frog strangely. \"Because you know how to be polite.\" The blue dragonfly flew to the fat frog. \"Thank you, I am also very willing to make friends with you!\" The fat frog said with a smile, \"You are not angry with me, forgive me, which makes me very happy.\" In this way, the blue dragonfly and the little frog became good friends ."}, {"nb": 559, "data": "The crow no longer fell in. The crow fell on a tree. The fox came under the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you.\" Said the crow. The fox pretended not to hear and said, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said: \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said: \"I'm not afraid of you, me Fear of the dog coming. \"The fox ran away as soon as he heard the dog."}, {"nb": 560, "data": "The little tadpole swims, and after a few days, two hind legs grow out. They saw mother carp looking for food. The little tadpole greeted him and asked, \"Where is our mother?\" Mother Carp said: \"Your mother has four legs and wide mouth. Go and find it there!\""}, {"nb": 561, "data": "Autumn girl Grasshopper is still screaming, her throat is dumb. Everyone is looking forward to it, autumn girl is finally here, she flew down with the wild geese from the high blue sky. Burning torches danced in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kissing apple faces in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple------The autumn girl walked all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red. Every footprint was full of our laughter."}, {"nb": 562, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is mainly to send all kinds of satellites to space, and bring back the satellites that have problems to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is already large and heavy, and with satellites or something, it becomes even heavier. So I have to take the rocket to send me to a high altitude. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I can fly into space orbit by myself and fly around the earth without stopping. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can glide and land like an airplane myself, so I can reuse it, unlike a rocket that is scrapped only once."}, {"nb": 563, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 564, "data": "What kind of earth is it? I took the spaceship to the sky to see what the earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, dressed in floral clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert with yellow sand flying. It was like the rolling waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-bound Antarctic and Arctic. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 565, "data": "What kind of earth is it? I took the spaceship to the sky to see what the earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, dressed in floral clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert with yellow sand flying. It was like the rolling waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-bound Antarctic and Arctic. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 566, "data": "Autumn is coming, autumn wind is blowing, and the weather is getting cooler. The children followed the teacher to the countryside. The blue sky is endless, and white clouds play in the sky. Sometimes they look like a group of white rabbits, sometimes they look like a few sheep, and sometimes they look like cute little dogs. In the farmland, the rice is yellow, the sorghum is red, and the cotton is white. Children are rolling on the grass, flying kites, laughing, shouting, how happy!"}, {"nb": 567, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 568, "data": "The snowman stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, the little cat and the little dog came, and said to the snowman: \"We are looking for spring, and when we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, they saw a bush of wildflowers, and the puppy picked one. They walked and saw a row of sprouting willow branches, and the puppy folded a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a group of little tadpoles, the kitten grabbed a bottle. They brought gifts to the snowman, but the snowman was gone."}, {"nb": 569, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 570, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 571, "data": "In the evening of the rainbow, the rain stopped. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky to the west. \"What a beautiful rainbow!\" I said aloud. The younger brother heard the sound and came to the window. A long rainbow stretched in the clear sky to the west, and it looked like a bridge. Red, yellow, green, orange, purple, these colors are very bright. I hurriedly ran out of the house, and ran towards Rainbow Flying. I want to run under the rainbow and look up. Run, run, but no matter how I run, I can't catch up with the rainbow. The younger brother looked like me, opened his hands, and looked very happy. Rainbow, you are so beautiful."}, {"nb": 572, "data": "The father-in-law smirked, and the little animals got up early. Ducks swim in the water, chicks run on the ground, swings on monkey trees, jump in the squirrel forest, peacocks spread their big tails, and take photos against the lake."}, {"nb": 573, "data": "The blue sky is high and the blue sky is big. The blue sky is a good mother for birds. The sea is deep, the sea is big, and the sea is a good mother for fish. Motherland is beautiful, motherland is big, motherland is our good mother."}, {"nb": 574, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 575, "data": "Father Sun had a cold in the winter morning. Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew, she quickly ran to the animal radio and broadcast loudly: \"Sun Grandpa has a cold! Who has a cure for the cold? Please send it quickly-\" The first squirrel heard, he was very anxious and quickly took a red Leather hat sent. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time. His mother cooked ginger soup for him and cured the cold. So, he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox also knew that he was busy with a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. Father Sun put on a hat, put on a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily, and his face slowly turned red. \"Sun Father is sick! Sun Father is sick!\" The little squirrel, little black pig and little fox cried, jumped happily, and kept patting their little hands ..."}, {"nb": 576, "data": "Summer song Where is the summer song? Know it, on the tall tree. Where is the song of summer? Quack, by the clear pond. Where is the song of summer? Rumble, in the high sky. Where is the song of summer? Buzzing in the green grass."}, {"nb": 577, "data": "In the autumn season of kiwi, kiwis are covered with branches and make people salivate. The shape of kiwis is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots on it, and there are small fluffs. Gently peel it off, revealing the jasper-like flesh inside, the lines are like a folding fan that opens, and it looks like a curved bow pulled up one after another, and it is covered with \"little sesame seeds\". Try it, it tastes sweet and refreshing. Kiwi is not only delicious, but also has high medicinal and nutritional value. It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer! \""}, {"nb": 578, "data": "The shoots finally got out of the ground. She opened her eyes and saw, ah, how bright and beautiful the world is! Peach Blossom blushed with a smile, Willow shook his long green braid, and the little swallow tweeted ..."}, {"nb": 579, "data": "When the spring of the willows arrived, the shoots of the willows burst out and fluttered in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to play in the park together. Seeing that the wicker is very beautiful, Xiaojun folded one of them and started playing. At this time, Xiaofang saw quickly and said: \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated by the gardener Uncle. They are for everyone's appreciation. We must love it and not damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with ashamedness: \"I won't pick flowers anymore in the future.\""}, {"nb": 580, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 581, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 582, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 583, "data": "Why the morning and evening sun is so special The red sun rises early in the morning or when it is about to fall in the evening, it is always red, like the cute faces of children. It turns out that the atmosphere dyes the sun: red. The sun's light is composed of 7 colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple. When these 7 colors of light are lined up neatly together When it appears, we see white light. We know that there is a thick atmosphere around the earth. There are a lot of dust and small water droplets in this atmosphere. When the sun hits the earth, we must cast it first. Through the atmosphere, the naughty little guys such as dust and small water droplets will spread the sun light, or simply block it back. In the morning or evening sun, almost only the red and orange lights bravely break through the atmosphere that blocks them, and enter Our eyes, so the sun we see in the morning and evening is always red."}, {"nb": 584, "data": "Friends of animals are on the earth of children. People and animals are friends. The shark swims with the child on his back, and the child does not bully the puppy. The giraffe wiped the glass in the classroom, the panda fell, and I rubbed it. On the earth of He and Meimei, the bullets became firecrackers, and the shotguns were all rusted."}, {"nb": 585, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 586, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 587, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water, and the sparkling waves flickered under the sunshine and the breeze, like twin eyes with twinkling eyes. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass. From a distance, it looks very beautiful, like the creator put a thick green carpet on the ground. Sometimes when I play by the pond, I will also see a group of little birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was covered with red glow, and the glow of the sun reflected on the water surface, like laying a layer of red, transparent yarn on the water surface. As night fell, the crooked moon reflected on the surface of the water, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the surface of the water, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond!"}, {"nb": 588, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree cried out loudly: \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I'm hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you! Said the Woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm so young and strong, where are the bugs? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warn you, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no woodpecker is willing to help this tree pecker. A few years later, there were more insects in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly."}, {"nb": 589, "data": "Tree doctors People say that woodpeckers are hardworking tree doctors. The woodpecker's mouth is pointed and hard, like a chisel. The tongue is thin and long, and there are hooks on the tongue. When the woodpecker found that there were pests under the bark, he pecked the bark first, then stretched out the tongue with hooks, and then stringed the pests on the tongue one by one, and finally used saliva to bring out the bugs and eggs."}, {"nb": 590, "data": "\"Lazy\" Dad, I'm the \"little princess\" at home. Parents are watching me like stars. Grandma spoiled me, so I might be hungry, frozen, and tired; my mother would be used to me, so I might be wronged. Only Dad, I have often been ignorant of me recently. What's going on? In the past, when I was doing my homework, I ran into problems that I wouldn't do. As long as I asked Dad, he would tell me the answer. But during these days, I found that my father became \"lazy\", and asked no questions in ten. Sometimes I looked at me sternly, and when I asked again, he said, \"Read the book by yourself to find the answer.\" I had to read the book to check the information. Although the answer was found, it took me a lot of time, but every time I found the answer, I would vaguely feel the smile in my father's eyes. Today, I ran into a problem that I had never seen before, and after racking my brain, I couldn't do it. I had to ask my father: \"Dad, I have never seen this question before, can you teach me?\" My heart pounded straight, lest my father would refuse me. Dad glanced at me and said, \"Have you checked the book?\" I replied: \"There are no questions of this type in the book.\" \"You do other homework first.\" After that, Dad entered the room. I had to go back to my room. After a while, my father took a book and came to my room. The answer was clearly written on the book. He explained it to me carefully and asked me to do it again. After I finished the question, I flipped through the small book and found that there were records on the questions I had asked before. I finally learned the reason why my dad became \"lazy\". With a stern and irrational attitude, he cultivated my ability to think independently and solve problems. In a unique way, he expressed his fierce love and sincere love for children."}, {"nb": 591, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 592, "data": "Ronaldinho Ronaldinho is a smart boy. He always thinks and thinks about everything he does. When painting, he thought while painting, how to paint like this. When writing, he remembered while thinking, what strokes were up, down, left, and right. After writing the essay, he likes to think quietly and always likes to use the words and sentences he has read to find ways to use it. Therefore, he is often praised by his teachers, and everyone praises his cleverness."}, {"nb": 593, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 594, "data": "The sun slowly sinks. Its round face turned red, and the clouds around it were dyed yellow, red, purple ..."}, {"nb": 595, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 596, "data": "These geese have red beaks, high foreheads, and white bodies. As soon as they saw me, they stretched their necks and nodded as they said, \"Say hello.\" I like playing with them very much."}, {"nb": 597, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with pale yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers fall, and the jujube trees are covered with small green dates. In autumn, the little green dates slowly turned red, becoming very big and big dates. At this time, the trees seemed to be covered with small round lanterns. My children and I stood under the tree, looking up at the red dates, so happy! At the end of autumn and early winter, we ate red and sweet jujubes, and we were very grateful to those who planted jujube trees."}, {"nb": 598, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 599, "data": "What kind of earth is it? I took the spaceship to the sky to see what the earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, dressed in floral clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert with yellow sand flying. It was like the rolling waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-bound Antarctic and Arctic. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 600, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water, and the sparkling waves flickered under the sunshine and the breeze, like twin eyes with twinkling eyes. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass. From a distance, it looks very beautiful, like the creator put a thick green carpet on the ground. Sometimes when I play by the pond, I will also see a group of little birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was covered with red glow, and the glow of the sun reflected on the water surface, like laying a layer of red, transparent yarn on the water surface. As night fell, the crooked moon reflected on the surface of the water, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the surface of the water, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond!"}, {"nb": 601, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 602, "data": "The plane flies really high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on them opened. The colors of the umbrella bag are red, yellow, blue, and green. What a beautiful look!"}, {"nb": 603, "data": "The spring of pomegranate is here, and the pomegranate is blooming. Its flowers are orange-red, its stamens are pale yellow, and there are some thin petals on its head. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers have bigger and bigger belly, and soon they will be as big as eggs. A few weeks later, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell. The pomegranates all cracked their mouths and smiled. How neat the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Autumn is here, the pomegranate is ripe, pick it down and try it, hey! It's sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down."}, {"nb": 604, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 605, "data": "When the little tiger grows up, the little tiger goes to the grass and asks his father to hug it and his mother to carry it. The little tiger goes to the garden, and he walks and runs by himself. When the little tiger goes into the forest, he will help his grandpa and help his grandma. The little tiger has grown up. On the grass, the little tiger eats, eats, sleeps, and grunts; runs and runs in the garden, oh, oh, oh; in the forest, the little tiger sings and jumps ..."}, {"nb": 606, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 607, "data": "Fun toys are in the spacious cabinets, filled with my toys. Bears who can take pictures, foxes driving trains, frogs jumping around, colorful plasticine. After finishing my homework every day, I play with them."}, {"nb": 608, "data": "The little seagull is like a hardworking bee collecting honey on the snowy waves. Like a silvery white butterfly, flying on the deep blue grass beach. Look, the naughty seagull is playing games with the spray! There are no big trees, no flowers, and no golden houses in the sea, at night. Where do they live? Mother said, \"The sea is their home.\""}, {"nb": 609, "data": "Animals in nature have a lot of special skills. People have studied them and they have created many inventions. People saw birds flying at high altitudes and invented airplanes. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. A dog's nose is very sensitive, but people make \"electric noses\". It is more sensitive than the dog's nose. It can check whether the underground gas pipe is leaking."}, {"nb": 610, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and sweet ...\" The little monkey ran out of the classroom and ran out into the field before he finished listening. what ! The apples on the tree were red, so they picked a big bite and ate it. It was so sweet! When he saw that the peach was big and red, he went to pick the peach, which was sweet and quenched his thirst. He thought the teacher was right, red fruits are all sweet. He walked around and saw a piece of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like small lanterns, which made people love it. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The little monkey was sweating spicyly. He ran back to school desperately and asked the teacher: \"How come this red fruit is not sweet?\" The teacher said: \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished speaking, why did you run away? \"\" The little monkey listened and bowed his head embarrassedly. From then on, the little monkey studied very seriously and became a good student."}, {"nb": 611, "data": "The two husbands had a day, their cousin was eating noodles, and grandpa was drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why don't I have a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought about it and put some noodles on On his lips, he said to Grandpa: \"Grandpa, look, I am old and bearded.\" Grandpa said to his little cousin with a smile: \"We have two husbands here.\""}, {"nb": 612, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiaohe only has pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood on it.\" This is a poem I had memorized before, and I really saw this scene when I came to the pond. A pool of green lotus leaves was squeezed and swayed gently in the breeze. A lot of crystal dewdrops rolled on the lotus leaf and slipped into the water from time to time. A lot of bright lotus flowers emerged from the lotus leaf like a big disc, some were shyly wrapped in flower bones, and some bloomed pink petals, showing yellow stamens, exuding alluring Fragrance. Sister Dragonfly was already intoxicated by the beauty in front of her. She fluttered her wings and paused on the lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire it. Sometimes she smelled a scent on the lotus flower. I am embarrassed to say: \"Without the background of Sister Lotus, how can I be beautiful!\""}, {"nb": 613, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 614, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 615, "data": "The sweet flute little white rabbit intends to grow sugar cane. The little goat said to her: \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" Said the little white rabbit, \"don't forget to eat sugarcane!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil first, and then cut the old sugarcane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. \"The little fat pig came to help her arch the ground, sweat and mud. Little foxes and little monkeys came to help her find fertilizer, and she picked them up one after another. The little white rabbit was so moved that he said aloud, \"Uncle Niu, the little fat pig, the little fox, the little monkey, must come to eat sugar cane when the sugar cane is ripe!\" But in autumn, only one tree grows in the sugar cane field Little sugarcane seedlings. \"I promised my friends to eat sugar cane, but now ... ooh--woo--woo--\" Little White Rabbit cried sadly, her eyes cried red. The little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She chopped down the sugarcane seedlings, digged and emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit played his flute, and the sound of the flute traveled far and far. The little goat heard it; the little fat pig heard it; the little fox and the little monkey heard it; and the uncle Niu also heard it. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is really nice, with a hint of sweetness. We seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed up her three petals, blowing vigorously, blowing ..."}, {"nb": 616, "data": "Dream Xiaocao loves dreaming, dreams are green and green; flowers love dreaming, dreams are red; sea loves dreaming, dreams are blue; Yun'er loves dreaming, dreams are white; children love dreaming, dreams are colorful ."}, {"nb": 617, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 618, "data": "Bless you, little swallows, I walked in the park in the morning and found a little swallow that fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I cautiously held the little swallow, holding my head sideways, looking at the tree as I walked. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\", is that the nest of the little swallows? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing could not help crying, like saying: \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away in fright when he saw me. I placed the little swallow under \"Tuwowo\" and looked behind the big tree. I saw that the two big swallows fell gently beside the little swallows, yelling, the three swallows are so affectionate! Looking at their family reunion, I couldn't help laughing. what ! Little Swallow, I wish you all the best and hope that you can grow up smoothly and make greater contributions to mankind."}, {"nb": 619, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 620, "data": "Dad said: \"This chubby little hand took slippers for me!\" Mom came back from work, saw the painting, and said with a smile: \"This chubby little hand washed my handkerchief for me!\" Grandma came out of the kitchen and saw the painting at a glance Put on the ruddy little hand and say, \"This chubby little hand tickled me!\""}, {"nb": 621, "data": "Use Jiner silkworm baby, use Jiner on your mouth. Horses, use Jiner on the lap. Little bird, use Jiner on your wings. Kids, use Jin'er in learning."}, {"nb": 622, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 623, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 624, "data": "The flower dog doctor asked the monkey laboratory technician to test the animal's blood. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all here. The monkey laboratory technician took their blood out and put it in a glass tube. The test results came out, but Dr. Huagou found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey laboratory technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey cried in a hurry. Flower dog said: \"Don't worry, the green is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the blue is the blood of the shrimp, the rose is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened, and wrote carefully on the glass tube The name, and said: \"In the future, I must be serious.\""}, {"nb": 625, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 626, "data": "In the colorful paintings of the children's art exhibition, I saw a painting with no color and extremely simple lines. It was a painting of a blind child. On the white paper, with a ball-point pen, a sun was drawn, shining on a hut. There was a stream in front of the hut, and a tall tree. A few strokes outlined a peaceful and happy family. Everyone who has walked here will stop and look at this extremely simple painting without color for so long. They not only looked at the picture, they seemed to see the mind of the blind boy through the picture."}, {"nb": 627, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the sky, they invented the airplane. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. The eyes of the pigeon can tell whether the enemy is a friend or an enemy. The man-made monitor can also monitor aircraft and missiles. Dog noses are best. People have created electronic noses to check whether underground gas pipes are leaking."}, {"nb": 628, "data": "The Olympic flag has a white background and five circles in the center are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green in turn. The connection of the five rings symbolizes that the people of the world hold hands and connect their hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger."}, {"nb": 629, "data": "People say that the big cock in my house is really beautiful. My big cock has a cluster of cockscombs like a burning flame on his head, which looks very nice. It has a short, pointed mouth under its dark, shiny round eyes. The feathers on its body are light yellow, scarlet, and golden yellow."}, {"nb": 630, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 631, "data": "The Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like the blood vessels in the motherland of the motherland, bringing the life force to the motherland. Child, do you know? Of the thousands of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province in the northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Yangtze River in Wanli is the largest river in the motherland and a famous river in the world."}, {"nb": 632, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 633, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 634, "data": "A few white clouds floated in the blue sky outside the suburbs. In the valley, a clear stream flows quietly. In the distance, there is a green bamboo forest with pink wildflowers on the edge of the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here and how beautiful is the scenery here."}, {"nb": 635, "data": "The three best friends in winter, Qingsong, are not afraid of the coldness of winter. There are still coniferous green bushes, and the branches still rise to the sky. Like an old hero, the land is independent and fearless! Green Bamboo is not afraid of the north wind's anger! Ye Xiaoxiao cheered when the wind came, and shook and danced when the wind came. Like a big husband, in the cold wind can still martial arts! Lamei is not afraid of heavy snow flying. The flowers bloom more beautifully than snow, and the flowers have more fragrance than snow. Like a little girl, standing in the wind and smiling slightly!"}, {"nb": 636, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 637, "data": "A pair of shoes, like a big boat and a small boat. Look at my home, dad's big ship, mom's little sailboat, my little speedboat, the colors are so beautiful! It was dawn, the boat was all out to sea, and it was late, and the boat returned to the harbor."}, {"nb": 638, "data": "\"Eye\" and \"Sunny\" one day, the careless little monkey opened the workbook and found several \"\u00d7\" s on the notebook. It turned out that he wrote \"eye\" as \"Qing\". The little monkey is very sad, but he has no way to distinguish the two words. At this time, the word \"clear\" said to the little monkey: \"Brother Monkey, I am sunny, and there must be a sun on a sunny day, so I am next to the word\" Sun \".\" \"Eye\" interjected and said, \"Brother Monkey, I also It \u2019s easy to remember, who has two eyes, are n\u2019t the two horizontal lines in my \"eyes\" like two eyes? \"The little monkey listened to them and smiled happily."}, {"nb": 639, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 640, "data": "Lotus leaf, as a small bed, let me lie down and cool down by the wind. Opening my eyes and watching Baiyun Piao, I smelled the lotus fragrance in my dream."}, {"nb": 641, "data": "Tonight in the moonlight, I am very comfortable. After dinner, I lay quietly on the chair on the balcony, enjoying the beautiful moonlight while cooling off. In the soft moonlight, the river that ran for a day subsided. The moon was reflected on the river, and the evening wind blew, sparkling, like a ribbon of jewels. The moonlight enveloped the earth like smoke and mist. Yue'er is a kind and most affectionate girl. Whoever has sorrow, he will look at you with pity and share your worries for you, even pulling a half of the white cloud to cover the crying face. Yue'er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds to hide and seek with the stars, and sometimes tells stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blinking. I like the moonlight in the night sky."}, {"nb": 642, "data": "There are still many strange stones in Huangshan, such as \"Guan Dog Mochizuki\", \"Lions Grab the Ball\", \"Fairy Playing the Piano\" ... Those strange-shaped rocks that can't be named are waiting for you to give them a name!"}, {"nb": 643, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 644, "data": "The stream flows gently, the grassland is green, the birds fly, the insects jump, the deer runs, the fish swims ... We love nature, and people and animals are friends."}, {"nb": 645, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 646, "data": "Dandelion In spring, a dandelion grows under the window of Lele's house. Lele looked at the buds of dandelions and said, \"You are really green, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele The dandelion under the window of the house has yellow flowers. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are so beautiful, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will hurt. When you get results, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, Dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\""}, {"nb": 647, "data": "Mom, don't say I am young, I will dress and wash my feet. Dad, don't say I'm young, I will wipe the table and sweep the floor. Mom and Dad are busy with work, and I do a lot of things."}, {"nb": 648, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 649, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a group of white geese. The sun reflected in the pond, like a bright red balloon. The crescent moon is reflected in the pond, like a crooked boat. The stars are reflected in the pond like many shiny pearls."}, {"nb": 650, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 651, "data": "Kittens, puppies, and pigs are painting together. The little cat drew a sun, drew a house, drew a big tree, and a little bird stopped on the tree. It said to the little pig: \"Look, I can draw anything!\" The little pig said: \"You are so smart.\" But the puppy said: \"Can you paint the wind? The wind, you can't see it, you can't touch it. No one can draw it. \"The kitten picked up the pen and gently tapped her lips, blinked her eyes, thought for a while, and said,\" I can! \"It was next to the sun, and a white cloud was painted on the house, saying:\" The white cloud is floating in the sky, Did n\u2019t the wind blow? The wind, it \u2019s drawn! \""}, {"nb": 652, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountain; in the fields, the sun jumps out of the Mai Lang; in the city, the sun comes out of the gap between the buildings; in our home, the sun is squeezed from the curtains Out; in the school, the sun is called out from the children's reading."}, {"nb": 653, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered to discuss who has the greatest skill. The thumb first stood up proudly and said: \"This question is very simple, of course, I have the greatest ability, or why should I rank first?\" The second thumb stopped, and hurriedly said: \"I am the most amazing, no matter what people do , I used my finger to point, where did you do anything? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up and said,\" Look, look, straighten out five fingers, which is the tallest than Bibi. \" ... The ring finger and the little finger are not to be outdone. They all take their own housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: see who can take it, and whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they rubbed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought your five fingers together? Five fingers were put together, and it was picked up with a light touch. Look at me with five fingers, and I look at you, all smiled embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 654, "data": "Why the morning and evening sun is so special The red sun rises early in the morning or when it is about to fall in the evening, it is always red, like the cute faces of children. It turns out that the atmosphere dyes the sun: red. The sun's light is composed of 7 colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple. When these 7 colors of light are lined up neatly together When it appears, we see white light. We know that there is a thick atmosphere around the earth. There are a lot of dust and small water droplets in this atmosphere. When the sun hits the earth, we must cast it first. Through the atmosphere, the naughty little guys such as dust and small water droplets will spread the sun light, or simply block it back. In the morning or evening sun, almost only the red and orange lights bravely break through the atmosphere that blocks them, and enter Our eyes, so the sun we see in the morning and evening is always red."}, {"nb": 655, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 656, "data": "The cold wind of the deciduous trees was blowing in a burst, and the yellow leaves flew down gently in the cold wind. But pine trees and holly are dressed in green clothes all year round. They are very beautiful. Why is this? It turned out that the leaves of the pine tree are needles, like needles, the water will not slip away from the leaves, they are not afraid of lack of water, so they do not need to fall leaves. The leaves of Holly are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the moisture will not slip away, so they do not decay in winter. In fact, they are sometimes falling leaves, and only careless children say that they will not fall leaves. After they have fallen leaves, new leaves will continue to grow."}, {"nb": 657, "data": "Animal mothers bring dolls Animal mothers have various ways to bring dolls. The mother chicken always stretched out her wings and hugged the chicken doll. There is a big pocket on the kangaroo mother's belly, and the dolls are often contained in it, like a big cradle. The most interesting thing is that there is a kind of fish called cichlids, and small fish dolls often get into the mother's mouth. Liyu's mother's mouth is the doll's home."}, {"nb": 658, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 659, "data": "Spring is here, and the scenery in the park is really beautiful. Green grass grows on the grass like a green carpet. The flowers in the pots are all blooming. Some of them are red, yellow, white, purple, and dark red. They are very beautiful."}, {"nb": 660, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 661, "data": "Xiaoshanquan said, \"Wow, hare, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of my water storage is to make people use it and quench their thirst. If I am idle all day long and no one needs me, then it is unfortunate!\""}, {"nb": 662, "data": "The lotus leaf wind came, the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf umbrella on its head. The raindrops hit the lotus leaf, and it rattled like a happy drumbeat. The frogs danced happily under the lotus leaf umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. The little fox ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called him: \"Little fox, I lent you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. The little fox danced happily under the umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called them: \"Little white rabbit, this umbrella is lent to you!\" Two little white rabbits played with lotus leaf umbrellas. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. Two little white rabbits danced with joyful drums. The enthusiastic and generous frogs also lent lotus leaf umbrellas to chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leaf umbrellas everywhere, happy drums everywhere, and happy dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 663, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 664, "data": "The little monster who read the wrong spell The little monster learned a lot of spells from his father. He used spells to transform gardens, castles, gold and silver jewelry. Although the little monster can make many things out of spells, he is not happy at all, and there is no smile on his face. One day, somehow, he pronounced the wrong spell and turned himself into a little lame man. The little monster was limping and walking in the forest. The little rabbit saw it and jumped all the way to help him lift the things in his hand. The little monkey saw it and helped him down the high hill. The little lark saw it and brought him many delicious fruits. When the little monster said \"Thank you\" to the rabbit, monkey, and lark, they all smiled sweetly on their faces. The little monster realized at this time that happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and receiving the help of others."}, {"nb": 665, "data": "Happy and happy I love my school, there are teachers and classmates in the school, everyone study together, dear and affectionate. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun."}, {"nb": 666, "data": "The animal weather station for the examination before the rain is about to be enrolled. The examiner is Dr. Frog. The sun is empty, the sky is full of white clouds, and the frog asks the candidates: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer is tortoise. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I feel that my back is getting wet. It's raining in the afternoon.\" The frog said: \"The turtle's back is wet and it rains. You're right.\" The ants said to the frog with their luggage: \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the raindrops followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog and said to the ground:\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" Good The swallows fly low, and heavy rain is coming. \"So, they were all admitted."}, {"nb": 667, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the road are tall sycamores. The sycamore branches are connected to the branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green corridor. On both sides of the small river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin, the willow is green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees are tall and upright, with lush foliage. Fruit trees are planted around the farmyards: plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... Late spring and early summer, all kinds of fruit trees spread their leaves and grow lush, the farmhouses are hidden in the dense greenery in."}, {"nb": 668, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 669, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 670, "data": "Three monks legend In ancient times, a lively and smart little monk came to a temple on the mountain. At first, he picked water diligently. Not only did he drink enough, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle lived. Soon, a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk about drinking water and carrying water. No one was willing to suffer a loss, so the two discussed to carry the water together. Later, a fat monk came again. All three monks had to drink water, but none of them was willing to carry more water. Within two days the water tank was exposed. The willow branches in the net bottle also withered from the lack of water. One night, while all three monks were dozing, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the small temple caught fire. During the crisis, the three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly extinguished. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again, and the three monks happily held the large bowl of drinking water, and the willow branch in the net bottle was restored to life."}, {"nb": 671, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 672, "data": "Grandpa Dong 's gift must be hairy. Grandpa Dong brought the mischievous and cute little snowflake to the world. The sparkling little snowflakes are open all over the sky, and the white little flowers are floating! Little Snowflake puts a white coat on the spruce, the spruce is warm; Little Snowflake covers the wheat field with a snowy quilt, and the wheat seedlings are warm. The naughty north wind came with a whistle, wanting to blow down the snow coat, and wanting to run off the snow quilt. The north wind blew the snow coat, but a pleasant ring of bells rang. Hey, did little snowflake hang the bell on the spruce? Oh, no, no, it was a spruce snow coat with a layer of ice blossoms, and the wind blew, Ding Ling, Ding Ling ..."}, {"nb": 673, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 674, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 675, "data": "Washing my father's hair last night, my father was going to wash his hair. I had a sudden whims, shouting to wash him. I first sprinkled hot water on my dad's hair, then squeezed shampoo and rubbed it gently on my dad's head. Although I was very careful, my dad's face was covered with water and bubbles. I usually feel so easy to wash my hair, but I didn't expect it to be really easy to do. Dad seems to see through my mind and encourages me to say: \"It doesn't matter. This is the first time you wash someone's hair. It doesn't matter if you don't wash well.\" After listening to his words, I was not as nervous as before. The flushing has also become smooth. After washing, I asked my father if he felt okay. He said happily: \"It's great, my daughter is really grown up!\" Unexpectedly, I only did a small thing to make my father so happy."}, {"nb": 676, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 677, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 678, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 679, "data": "There is a little flower dog who loves bragging. It used to be bragging. One day, the little flower dog was playing on the mountain, and the wolf caught a rabbit, and the wolf thought it was a hunting dog who came with the hunter. He was so scared that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. Little Flower Dog went home with a rabbit in his mouth and said to his friend: \"Look, I caught a rabbit!\" On this day, Little Flower Dog went up the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle fell right in front of it, so Xiaohuagou went home with an eagle in his arms, and said to his friend with an air of expression: \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, Xiaohuagou went up the mountain again to play, and suddenly the forest burst out A big tiger, Xiaohua dog fleeing desperately, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger fell off the cliff, and fell to death. The little Huagou was so scared that he was gone. I forgot to say to my friend: \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" After a few days, the little flower dog played on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion rushed towards it, little flower The dog ran away frightened, accidentally fell into the mud pit, and quickly shouted for help. The big lion said to him: \"I heard you are going to kill me, right?\" Xiaohuagou said: \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed as a white horse, and other friends Came out from the bush. The bragging little flower dog bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 680, "data": "In the green vegetable fields of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said: \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm suddenly laughed. Go up? Do n\u2019t be illusory! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous and went to bed. The earthworm wakes up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turns out that the snail has already climbed to the top of the wall."}, {"nb": 681, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 682, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 683, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 684, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 685, "data": "The turtle is a kind of reptile. It can swim and crawl, but it crawls very slowly. Turtles eat grass, but also eat small fish and shrimp. Turtles also like to bask in the sun. During hibernation, it does not eat or move."}, {"nb": 686, "data": "The sky was dressed in black clothes, and the ground was sprinkled with silver moonlight. Dewdrop mother is worried. Where can I find so many small beds for the babies? Petals said, sleep in my house, my bed smells good again. The leaves said, sleep in my house, my bed is shaking again and again. The spider said, sleep in my house, my bed has springs. But I still have the place where the youngest baby does not sleep. Caojian'er said, sleep in my house, I happen to have a single bed. That night all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because the fear of the baby falling, the grass tip remained until dawn."}, {"nb": 687, "data": "In the blue sky, white clouds floating like cotton wool float. Yuner wanders carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changes shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west is running vigorously forward, and after a while, it merges into the clouds. A moment later, a large butterfly flew from a distance, and it slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud."}, {"nb": 688, "data": "The spring of pomegranate is here, and the pomegranate is blooming. Its flowers are orange-red, its stamens are pale yellow, and there are some thin petals on its head. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers have bigger and bigger belly, and soon they will be as big as eggs. A few weeks later, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell. The pomegranates all cracked their mouths and smiled. How neat the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Autumn is here, the pomegranate is ripe, pick it down and try it, hey! It's sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down."}, {"nb": 689, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 690, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 691, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 692, "data": "The fox opens a shop. The fox opens a shop, selling vinegar and cloth. The piglet beats vinegar less vinegar, the rabbit pulls the cloth less cloth, the piglet rabbit seeks him to make up, the fox can't count the dead and alive. You said such a small shop, would you like to patronize again?"}, {"nb": 693, "data": "The peach blossoms bloom in the spring of all seasons, and bees and butterflies all fly. In the summer the lotus blooms and the fish in the pond swims over. Chrysanthemums bloom in autumn, and the swallows fly away and the leaves fall. In winter, plum blossoms bloom and silver snowflakes fall. Flowers bloom all year round, and happiness makes people happy."}, {"nb": 694, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 695, "data": "The spring water dripped little by little on a big rock. The stone said to the spring: \"You are weak, don't touch me!\" The spring said: \"Are you saying that I am weak? I still want to make a hole in you!\" The stone said with a smile: \"You really have Such a great skill? Then come and hit it. \"The spring said:\" Okay! You look at it! \"It dripped little by little, year after year, and after many years, it really hit the stone. A hole."}, {"nb": 696, "data": "Dad said: \"This chubby little hand took slippers for me!\" Mom came back from work, saw the painting, and said with a smile: \"This chubby little hand washed my handkerchief for me!\" Grandma came out of the kitchen and saw the painting at a glance Put on the ruddy little hand and say, \"This chubby little hand tickled me!\""}, {"nb": 697, "data": "A spider is weaving the web. It had just been woven a few times, and a strong wind blew it, breaking the silk. The spider woven it again, just halfway through it, and a raindrop hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry, and weaved again, but a burst of hail smashed the web again. The spider is not discouraged, but weaves again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving \u2014 a large, strong web. The spider sat happily in the middle of the web, catching the flying insects."}, {"nb": 698, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 699, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 700, "data": "The Olympic flag has a white background and five circles in the center are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green in turn. The connection of the five rings symbolizes that the people of the world hold hands and connect their hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger."}, {"nb": 701, "data": "The lotus leaf wind came, the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf umbrella on its head. The raindrops hit the lotus leaf, and it rattled like a happy drumbeat. The frogs danced happily under the lotus leaf umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. The little fox ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called him: \"Little fox, I lent you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. The little fox danced happily under the umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called them: \"Little white rabbit, this umbrella is lent to you!\" Two little white rabbits played with lotus leaf umbrellas. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. Two little white rabbits danced with joyful drums. The enthusiastic and generous frogs also lent lotus leaf umbrellas to chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leaf umbrellas everywhere, happy drums everywhere, and happy dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 702, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 703, "data": "In ancient China, there was a beast called \"nian\". Its head has long tentacles and is fierce and unusual. It comes out every New Year's Eve to devour livestock and hurt lives. People are very afraid. Later, an immortal told people that putting red paper on the doors and windows, and setting off firecrackers would scare away \"years.\" On New Year's Eve again, people did what the fairy said, and it really scared away the \"year\". Since then, every year on New Year's Eve, every family has posted red couplets, set off firecrackers, and every household is lit brightly and stays up all night. Early in the morning on the first day of the first day, I still have to visit friends and relatives to say hello. These customs are widely circulated, and the year has become the most grand traditional festival of Chinese folk."}, {"nb": 704, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 705, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 706, "data": "The hens plant rice for one day, and the hens find some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Will you grow rice with me?\" The duckling said, \"It's too hard to grow rice, I'm afraid to bend down!\" The little hen had to grow rice by himself. As the seedlings grew taller, the little hen asked the kitten: \"Will you hoe with me?\" The kitten said, \"Weed is too hard. I'm afraid of blistering my hands!\" The little hen had to weed the grass by herself. When the rice was cooked, the little hen asked the little pig: \"Will you collect rice with me?\" The little pig said, \"It's too hard to collect the rice. I'm afraid it will get muddy!\" The little hen had to collect the rice by himself. The little hen beat the rice into rice and made it into fragrant and sweet white rice. It was given to the duckling, who lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"We will grow rice with you next year!\""}, {"nb": 707, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 708, "data": "Ants and grasshoppers are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have backs, some pull, all sweating. When several grasshoppers saw it, they all laughed that the ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to cool off, some sang, some went to sleep, and all were free. When winter comes, the northwest wind is blowing, and the ants lie in a hole filled with food for the winter. Grasshoppers are cold and hungry, and they can no longer breathe."}, {"nb": 709, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 710, "data": "The scene on the beach is even more marvelous, with a variety of shells everywhere. They are yellow, silver, red, blue ... really colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are like blooming flowers, some are like small fans, and some are like cute little animals, lifelike."}, {"nb": 711, "data": "In the morning, the sun doll lifted the blue quilt of the mother of the sea and happily got up. Look at his red, round smile, and climb up! Climb, climb, ho! The Sun Doll climbed very high, so happy that his eyes radiated a golden light. The strong sun doll loves to walk by himself. He ran non-stop in the sky from east to west, from morning to noon, from noon to afternoon, from afternoon to evening, and he ran so tired and tired wow! Grandpa Dashan saw the Sun Doll coming and happily praised: \"Good dear, you really do!\" Then, said lovingly again: \"Let Grandpa come back to you!\" \"Good Grandpa, thank you!\" Sun Doll has a happy face The baby is redder. Grandpa Dashan carried the sun doll. The little guy was pulling on grandpa's shoulders and smiling gleefully. \"Hum! Hum!\" Grandpa Dashan hummed in his mouth while carrying the Sun Doll back to Xishanwa!"}, {"nb": 712, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 713, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 714, "data": "My mark is very short, with small eyes, a small nose, and a small mouth concentrated on my face, but the pair of big ears are especially conspicuous. When I was a child, I was very naughty. Therefore, my ears often suffered like this: my father pulled the left ear, and my mother pulled the right ear, so as to punish me. Listening to my mother, when I fell to the ground, she noticed at a glance that I had a small ear on my right ear, and thought it was my mark, and thought it was hereditary. Anyone who has seen me at a glance says that I am very clever and must be very productive and blessed in the future. I asked them why, they said: \"Because you have a little ear longer than others.\" In fact, whether people will have a good future, whether they are blessed, has nothing to do with their ears, they must rely on their diligence and hard work, Did you say that?"}, {"nb": 715, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blew away a series of soap bubbles, they were carrying red orange yellow green green blue blue purple and flew away. I am very sad, looking for them while walking. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you think I look like the bubble you blow? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said to me: \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me make a friend with you! \"... I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 716, "data": "Fireworks \"bang, bang, bang\", with a burst of roar, a bunch of fireworks flew into the night sky, I quickly looked up, ah, how beautiful! \"Red Link Star\" bloomed in the night sky, reflecting a piece of fiery red in the night sky. With the sound of \"cracks and pops\", countless strings of small sparks on a parachute hung over the sky, fluttering lightly and slowly, just like the lanterns on the sky full of festival lights. \"Boom,\" another loud noise, another string of fireworks rose up, and they were shuttled among the lanterns, forming a beautiful pattern."}, {"nb": 717, "data": "The lively forest is in the big forest, the big cock and the little yellow warbler always get up early. You listen to \"Oh ...\" The big cock is using its bright voice to make people wake up early! The little yellow warbler is not willing to sing behind the \"chirp\". Look over there, the little white rabbit and the little gray rabbit have already started their work for a day. They are working together to build a beautiful new house. Listen to \"Ding Ding Dang Dang ...\" This is the little gray rabbit moving bricks fast! Look, how powerful they are! Look here, the frog and the duck \"slammed\" into the clear lotus pond and started the swimming competition. You chased me and it was very intense. Hey, what about the monkeys and bears? They were breathless and sweat \"tick ticked\" down, in a hurry. It turned out that they were rushing to school. A variety of stories are happening in the big forest every day, every day is lively and full of joy!"}, {"nb": 718, "data": "A group of ants was busy outside the house, and the little cock tilted his head and asked: \"Little ant, are you happy?\" The ant replied: \"Our winter food is almost ready, very happy.\" , They kept going back and forth, and the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" Yanzi said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" Everyone is very happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika Deer said:\" Children, happiness needs to be found by themselves. Happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \""}, {"nb": 719, "data": "A long time ago, people thought of the moon going up to see what was there. Finally on July 21, 1969, two American astronauts boarded the moon on the \"Apollo 11\" spacecraft, took the first step on the moon, and realized this dream of mankind."}, {"nb": 720, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 721, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blew away a series of soap bubbles, they were carrying red orange yellow green green blue blue purple and flew away. I am very sad, looking for them while walking. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you think I look like the bubble you blow? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said to me: \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me make a friend with you! \"... I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 722, "data": "My hometown is on the plains. The plains she painted were so flat and so wide. There are golden rice, white cotton, and large green fields. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house and green bamboos behind the house. The little girl running on the field is mediocre."}, {"nb": 723, "data": "Vegetables are more powerful than vegetable gardens. Vegetables are boasting about their skills. Celery said: \"I am a delicacy, lowering blood pressure is my specialty.\" Spinach said: \"Strengthen physical fitness, prevent anemia, can not do without me.\" Cucumber said: \"beautiful skin to wrinkle, you have to rely on me.\" Carrot said : \"Vitamins can't be lacking, the little ginseng is me.\""}, {"nb": 724, "data": "Mother, why Xiaohe laughs loudly because the sun tickles her and tickles her. Mom, why is Hehe singing because the lark is praising her babble. Mother, why is Xiaohe so cool because she is immersed in the reverie that is deeply loved by snow. Mom, how old is Xiaohe, she will always be the same age as the young spring. Mom, why doesn't Xiaohe rest because her mother, the sea, hopes her at all times."}, {"nb": 725, "data": "Blue dragonfly and fat frog A blue dragonfly stopped on a lotus leaf. He was thinking about something. A fat frog didn't see the blue dragonfly. He jumped hard on the lotus leaf. The blue dragonfly flew with fright. The fat frog was very embarrassed. He said, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!\" The blue dragonfly was not angry. He said, \"Little frog, I would love to make friends with you.\" \"Why?\" Asked the little frog strangely. \"Because you know how to be polite.\" The blue dragonfly flew to the fat frog. \"Thank you, I am also very willing to make friends with you!\" The fat frog said with a smile, \"You are not angry with me, forgive me, which makes me very happy.\" In this way, the blue dragonfly and the little frog became good friends ."}, {"nb": 726, "data": "The road in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, is low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When going uphill, I shouted loudly: \"Come on! Come on!\" When going downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind, I shouted: \"Cushing!\" Look, the car is driving far away, really like a boat Bounce in the waves. The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, one volt together ..."}, {"nb": 727, "data": "My puppy must write about our puppy first. It is called \"Prince\". It is the most flowery and most beautiful dog in our village. It is like a naughty boy. It runs especially fast, and I can't keep up with it. But the \"prince\" is very good, it is always waiting for me. The \"prince\" would laugh, but I never saw it cry. I taught it to recognize words, but it did n\u2019t even learn a single letter, but it did love class. When I taught it to read the word \"dog\", it called the most joyful. It must be thinking, this is who it is! The \"prince\" will still count, but in total he will count to two. It also specializes in humming and barking. \"What are you doing?\" I asked it as it hummed in front of me. \"Prince\" \"Wang\"! With a cry, shook his head and said he wanted to go out. \"What else do I want to do now\" When we walked out of the yard, I then asked it. \"The prince\" cried again and ran towards the railway. \"You should finish talking once!\" I was running anxiously while following it, because I wanted to go there too. I even know what the \"prince\" wants to do there. It likes to run with the train. Every time it loses, it never cares. Whenever a new train comes, the \"prince\" thinks he can beat it. When it stopped running, it barked a few times. I don't know if it allowed the train to go, or I scolded the train for a meal. I can't tell the difference."}, {"nb": 728, "data": "Children of Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge, do you know? There is a Yangtze River Bridge in Nanjing. It is a very big bridge. If you walk through this big bridge, you have to walk for more than an hour. The bridge is divided into two floors. Eight cars can be driven side by side on the highway bridge above. The trains running north and south on the railway bridge below can be separated at the same time. The big boat traveled under the bridge. How magnificent the Yangtze River Bridge is!"}, {"nb": 729, "data": "The blue sun hangs in the red sun, and the green hills under the sun are especially beautiful. The stream is like a green streamer, singing a cheerful song; the golden Mai Lang is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 730, "data": "Cleft Lip Fish The Cleft Lip Fish is small and light in action. It treats the fish, not through medicine, but uses its pointed mouth to remove bacteria and necrotic muscles from the sick fish. In fact, the fish doctor uses the parasites and necrotic tissues of the sick fish to make delicious meals. In this way, the fish doctor can get a \"remuneration\"----a full meal, and the sick fish immediately relieves the pain, it really has its own Income. Biologically call this phenomenon \"symbiosis\". What is more interesting is that the relationship between the sick fish and the fish doctor is quite harmonious. All sick fish that come for treatment must be head-down, tail-up, and suspended in the water straight at the time of treatment. Fish medicine is indispensable in fish. As long as there is a fish doctor, the sick fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death caused by disease will be greatly reduced."}, {"nb": 731, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and painted. I first drew a piece of forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forest is green and the trees are very dense. I drew the blue sky above the forest again. There are white clouds floating in the sky. Then, I drew a few birds in the forest with yellow feathers and pointed mouths, which is very interesting. Finally, I gave the picture a name: \"The Bird's Home\"."}, {"nb": 732, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 733, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 734, "data": "White clouds floated on the blue sky of the bird's house. In the green forest, the trees grew very lush. The two birds whispered on the branches. Look, they have yellow and yellow feathers, pointed little mouths, how cute they are!"}, {"nb": 735, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice field catcher, which said: \"The insect catcher: frog, toad.\" The frog became angry at first glance: \"Isn't the toad the toad that the children hate? Is it an insect catcher.\" Evening The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you are at the edge of the field all day, who said you can catch insects? Why is the toad on the honor list also an expert in catching insects? I work hard every day to catch insects, I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile;\" You catch insects during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the grass. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's coming to the night shift!\" Toad began to catch insects, one after another. At first glance, the frog understood that he had blamed the toad by mistake, and the frog lowered his head embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 736, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 737, "data": "The peach blossoms bloom in the spring of all seasons, and bees and butterflies all fly. In the summer the lotus blooms and the fish in the pond swims over. Chrysanthemums bloom in autumn, and the swallows fly away and the leaves fall. In winter, plum blossoms bloom and silver snowflakes fall. Flowers bloom all year round, and happiness makes people happy."}, {"nb": 738, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang's mother is an ingenious person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a quiet summer night, Zhang Leping snuggled beside her mother and watched her embroider. Suddenly, he discovered that a candle oil shed from the candle, much like a mother's embroidered chick. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but what he caught was warm, soft sludge. According to the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with oil sludge. He dug a little red oil from the red candle and embedded it in the eyes of the white rabbit. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at his son's work and hugged him and said, \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinch is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art."}, {"nb": 739, "data": "There is a group of birds in the yard of the little bird's house. Puppies, rabbits and cats want to make a comfortable home for the little birds so that they can live in the yard forever. The little cat made a beautiful bird cage. The bird looked around, twittered, and flew away. The puppy built a beautiful wooden house. The bird looked around, tweeted, and shook his head. The little rabbit planted a tree. The tree sprouted, and the birds chirped, sang and played in the green leaves. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best home for birds."}, {"nb": 740, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 741, "data": "Bees and butterflies in the morning, the weather is particularly clear, the little bees said goodbye to their mother, went to the garden to gather honey. The flowers in the garden were scented, and the little bee was so happy that he sang buzzing while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"You are so ugly, little bee with bulging eyes. What else are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee heard that and returned home sadly. My mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's wrong with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said. Mother said earnestly: \"Child, you can't just look at your appearance, you have to see if you can help others \"\" The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey."}, {"nb": 742, "data": "Use Jiner silkworm baby, use Jiner on your mouth. Horses, use Jiner on the lap. Little bird, use Jiner on your wings. Kids, use Jin'er in learning."}, {"nb": 743, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 744, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 745, "data": "The wind on the sea is the god of flowers. When she gathers it, she bursts out thousands of waves ... The wind on the sea is a luthier. As soon as she comes, she plays ten thousand songs ... The wind on the sea is Hercules. Ten thousand pieces of fishing sails were sent away ... The wind on the sea was a lion, and when it roared, it set off monstrous waves ..."}, {"nb": 746, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 747, "data": "Mom, don't say I am young, I will dress and wash my feet. Dad, don't say I'm young, I will wipe the table and sweep the floor. Mom and Dad are busy with work, and I do a lot of things."}, {"nb": 748, "data": "Autumn creepers There are many creepers planted under the eaves behind the podium of our school. The creeper climbed along the wall and climbed up to the platform on the second floor. In summer, the tip of the green leaves of a wall is all down, very beautiful. When autumn comes, the leaves of the creeper turn red, and the green wall becomes a red wall, which is also more beautiful. The bunches of red leaves are like autumn maple leaves, like piles of small flames, like a red butterfly, and like the red sunset on that day. The mountain climbing tiger is in full bloom of bright autumn chrysanthemums and golden canons. All this became the brightest scenery in our school. We ran around under the eaves, playing freely, and the climbing tiger reflected our happy smile. so beautiful ! Parthenocissus in autumn."}, {"nb": 749, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 750, "data": "In the green vegetable fields of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said: \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm suddenly laughed. Go up? Do n\u2019t be illusory! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous and went to bed. The earthworm wakes up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turns out that the snail has already climbed to the top of the wall."}, {"nb": 751, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 752, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 753, "data": "The beautiful umbrella flowers are raining. Pedestrians on the street are all holding umbrellas. From afar, they look like beautiful flowers. Some are red, some are black, some are yellow, some are green, and some are transparent. The whole street looks like it is full of colorful flowers. These \"flowers\" have feet and walk around the street."}, {"nb": 754, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 755, "data": "There was a fog in the morning on the mountain road. The road could not be seen clearly in the mountains. The pigs, deer and rabbits were badly damaged. The little rabbit leads the little pig, and the little pig pulls the little deer, pulling the vine, holding the tree, walking the mountain road step by step. Qiufeng's mother-in-law came to help, and \u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014 blew all the mist all at once."}, {"nb": 756, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 757, "data": "The little white rabbit with the squirrel's tail saw the squirrel with a big tail, and felt very strange. He thought, what's the use of such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a large tree and landed gently on a small tree. The big, light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"You can jump off such a tall tree. It turned out that the big tail helped!\" Said the squirrel. \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail warped, he covered his body. It turns out that when the squirrel sleeps, it treats the big tail as a soft and warm quilt!"}, {"nb": 758, "data": "The marvelous eye astronomical telescope is the \"eye\" of an astronomer, and it can be used to see distant stars; the microscope is the doctor's \"eye\", and it can be used to see very small bacteria; the periscope is the navy's \"eye.\" Monitor enemies at sea."}, {"nb": 759, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 760, "data": "I have a good friend, a small alarm clock placed beside my pillow. Its round body, shiny face, and three pointers, like three small arms, \"tick and tick\" and keep turning, very lovable. When I went to bed at night, the small alarm clock whispered to me; when I slept soundly in the morning, it awakened me and urged me to go to school. I really like my little alarm clock!"}, {"nb": 761, "data": "Mom, don't say I am young, I will dress and wash my feet. Dad, don't say I'm young, I will wipe the table and sweep the floor. Mom and Dad are busy with work, and I do a lot of things."}, {"nb": 762, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 763, "data": "My family has a group of pigeons. They have white feathers, pointed claws, round eyes, and red mouths. When flying, they spread their fan-shaped tails, spread their large wings, and hovered in the air."}, {"nb": 764, "data": "Draw and draw the puppy running in the snow, and the footprints of the puppy are left on the snow. The puppy said to the chick: \"Look, look, I will paint plum blossoms.\" The chick ran in the snow, and the footprints of the chick were left on the snow. The chick said to the puppy: \"Look, look, I can paint bamboo leaves.\""}, {"nb": 765, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 766, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 767, "data": "The girl in the sky likes to wear colorful clothes. In the morning, Miss Yun was wearing a white dress. In the evening, Miss Yun put on a red dress. When it was going to rain, Cloud Girl was wearing a black dress."}, {"nb": 768, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 769, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hill, the hill holds beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field presents the green grass; touch the river, the river chants the song of the mountain ... The magic hand of spring breeze, Also help children take off the thick cotton jacket, let them laugh and run on the spring ground ..."}, {"nb": 770, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 771, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 772, "data": "A few white clouds floated in the blue sky outside the suburbs. In the valley, a clear stream flows quietly. In the distance, there is a green bamboo forest with pink wildflowers on the edge of the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here and how beautiful is the scenery here."}, {"nb": 773, "data": "There are hundreds of species of seabirds living on the sand islands in the South my country Sea. The largest number is the white bird. This white bird likes to eat fish the most. They look for fish on the sea in groups. They fly back to the island in the evening. The largest seabird is called the albatross. One of its wings is as long as two desks. It often spreads its wings and flies over the sea. It can fly for hundreds of miles before stopping."}, {"nb": 774, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 775, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 776, "data": "There is a little flower cat in my family. It is covered with long hairs, black and white are really beautiful. It has a pair of round eyes, like a glass ball, it will glow green at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. As long as there is a little sound, the ears will stand up. It also has a furry tail, and when happy, it swings from side to side, like a flower stick. The little cat's nose has a very sensitive sense of smell, and Lao Yuan has a fishy smell, and it can also smell. There are five small meat pads on its feet. They are soft like quilts. They walk quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute."}, {"nb": 777, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 778, "data": "Dream Xiaocao loves dreaming, dreams are green and green; flowers love dreaming, dreams are red; sea loves dreaming, dreams are blue; Yun'er loves dreaming, dreams are white; children love dreaming, dreams are colorful ."}, {"nb": 779, "data": "There is such a little bear on a small desert island. The bear feels lonely and sleeps every day dreaming of playing with many friends. When the bear saw a cloud floating in the sky, he quickly asked, \"Cloud, cloud, how can I find a friend?\" Yuner didn't speak, and floated to a tree. The little bear understood that he planted and planted many small saplings on the island. In one or two years, the young saplings grew up, the mountains and the wild, and the green leaves became overcast. A little bird flew: \"Ah, it's so nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds flew, and all lived here. In the distance, the little deer, the little elephant, the little monkey, all came in a row boat: \"Ah, it's nice here! Let's live here!\" The little bear was very happy and kept saying: \"Welcome you !welcome!\""}, {"nb": 780, "data": "The storm was blowing, and the rain was falling down. Looking up close, there is not even a single figure on the street. The white flowers are all water, and they have become a flowing river. There are countless splashes of water on it. From a distance, the buildings and trees are vague."}, {"nb": 781, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 782, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 783, "data": "White clouds floated on the blue sky of the bird's house. In the green forest, the trees grew very lush. The two birds whispered on the branches. Look, they have yellow and yellow feathers, pointed little mouths, how cute they are!"}, {"nb": 784, "data": "In the zoo, the willow branches pulled out the green branches. The little swallow stopped on the cornice of the gazebo and murmured. A few sparrows chirped on the branches and heard our footsteps and flew away in panic."}, {"nb": 785, "data": "In the zoo, the willow branches pulled out the green branches. The little swallow stopped on the cornice of the gazebo and murmured. A few sparrows chirped on the branches and heard our footsteps and flew away in panic."}, {"nb": 786, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 787, "data": "There is an old locust tree on the campus, tall and sturdy. It is said to be tall and not excessive at all. Its treetops are about to hit the top of the three-story building. It is indeed stout enough to say that it is stout, and its gray-brown trunk cannot be hugged by two children. The straight trunk held up a huge crown, like a big green umbrella. Dense leaves cover the sun tightly, and students like to play and play under the tree. A gust of wind blew through the treetops, and the leaves clattered, and it seemed that the old locust tree also laughed with us."}, {"nb": 788, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. Chunhua said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a la la song. When Spring Doll said something to Xiaohua, Xiaohua opened her red mouth. Chunhua said something to Dayan, and Dayan flew home from the south. The capacity of a spring doll is so great that everything in the world listens to it!"}, {"nb": 789, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 790, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 791, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 792, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 793, "data": "During the summer vacation, my father took me to travel by plane. On the plane, through the window, I saw the blue sky and saw the white clouds. The plane flew higher and higher, flying higher than the white clouds. After getting off the plane, we took a coach and came to the foot of the mountain to find that the people who had come early had already started climbing. My father and I hurried up the mountain. We climbed halfway up the mountain and saw a group of monkeys. The monkey saw us, ran over, reached out his hand, and asked us to eat something. We looked down on the top of the mountain and saw that the people on the path under the mountain were very small and very small, and they all became a dwarf country. It was really interesting! I like to travel ."}, {"nb": 794, "data": "Petite Cat Make friends Petite Cat goes to visit grandma. A small yellow dog lay under the big tree in the village entrance. The little flower cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog cried out \"Wang Wang\", pounced on the little flower cat, the little flower cat turned around in fright, ran, was tripped by the tree roots, and fell into the mouth and gnawed mud. The starling in the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach, and he scolded him angrily: \"Shut up your stinky mouth!\" Myna also returned to him with a polite expression: \"Shut up your stinky mouth! Straight from the tears: \"Grandma, the little yellow dog and myna are bullying me. The grandmother said sadly: \"My little one, just blame you for not respecting others too much.\" If you are polite to others, others will be friendly to you! \"The little cat listened to her grandmother and said friendly to the little yellow dog:\" I'm sorry! \" \"The little cat said to his starling,\" Hello, friend! \"Starling also said to the little cat:\" Hello, friend! \"The little cat said happily:\" Grandma, I understand. If you want others to be nice to you, you must be nice to others first! \" \""}, {"nb": 795, "data": "My family has a cute little pigeon. It looks fat. The body is covered with brown feathers, the wings and tail are white, and there is a wonderful purple circle around the neck. As soon as he saw me, it stretched his neck, and the eyes of those water spirits always blinked at me, which is lovable!"}, {"nb": 796, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 797, "data": "Spring is here \"Spring is here!\" Swallows \"chirp\" and reports this good news to the people. Spring is really here, everything is just like waking up. The warm spring breeze blew gently, and the golden sunlight bathed the earth, shining warmly on people. The fields were covered with green clothes, and the river was gurgling ..."}, {"nb": 798, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 799, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 800, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 801, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are blooming. The flower is blooming. How beautiful it is. People take pictures of it. The flower is blooming, so fragrant, and the bees are spinning around it. Huaer smiled, but Huaer was happy. The flower smiled, and a flower became proud. It can't look at the green leaves around it, and feels that the leaves are ordinary, and nobody looks at it, it's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, the flower fell hard from the tree and left the green leaves. The flower fluttered with the wind, and fluttered. It didn't take long for the flower to dry up, like a pile of waste paper, and was swept into the garbage dump by people. When the other flowers met, they would never dare to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard to produce all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers are able to bear fruit."}, {"nb": 802, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 803, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 804, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the road are tall sycamores. The sycamore branches are connected to the branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green corridor. On both sides of the small river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin, the willow is green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees are tall and upright, with lush foliage. Fruit trees are planted around the farmyards: plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... Late spring and early summer, all kinds of fruit trees spread their leaves and grow lush, the farmhouses are hidden in the dense greenery in."}, {"nb": 805, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see the animals. The zoo is really lively, with all kinds of animals. The naughty monkey is swinging on the big tree. The monkey was naughty and jumped around, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, sea lions are performing heading, and from time to time there are applause from tourists. On the blue lake surface, two white swans are plucking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the bird flapped its wings and flew freely."}, {"nb": 806, "data": "What is the light rain spot? What is the light rain spot? Musician. Rustle, it is the chorus in the woods. Dingdong Dingdong, it is playing the piano in the bucket. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, it's drizzle, blowing the trumpet on the house ... what is the drizzle? Painter. Falling in the water, it is a beautiful circle. When it fell on the ground, it drew small water flowers. When it falls on the wall, it draws small rivers ......"}, {"nb": 807, "data": "The white elf winter is here, and thousands of snowflakes come to the world. These white elves, soon, covered the ground with white quilts; soon, they put beautiful ice flowers on the windows; and soon, they made thick ice on the river; and soon, they turned the children into There are cute little snowmen; ... the elves have fun!"}, {"nb": 808, "data": "The fireflies carried the lanterns and looked over here and wandered over there. The twinkling sparks, clusters, clusters ... in the fields, by the road, by the river ... dancing, as if the stars in the sky spilled into the world."}, {"nb": 809, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 810, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 811, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 812, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 813, "data": "What are they doing in winter? The little monkey climbs the pine tree and finds squirrels to play with. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to find a little bee to play with. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter. I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the entrance of the dirt beside the dry grass, which read: \"I slept in my house for a winter , Please do n\u2019t disturb me\u2014badger. \u201dThere was a cave in the woods. The monkey saw how many bats in it grabbed the stone joints with his paws. His body hung upside down and slept soundly! The little monkey had to climb the tree by himself, grab the branch and hit the swing."}, {"nb": 814, "data": "Girl Qiu flew into the garden with pride, and said to many flowers: \"Your flowering season is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on you to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, all kinds of chrysanthemums bloom in the garden Yes, there are yellows, there are whites ... The autumn girl came to the grass happily and said to the grass: \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I want to put on my cypress friends The wind is cold. \"So the grass was yellow and the cypresses on the campus and the road were greener. The autumn girl came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and geese to say, \"Hurry up and prepare, go to the south!\" So, the little swallows and geese flew in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 815, "data": "Cats are experts at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, and it can turn around, even if it is a very small voice, it can be recognized in time. A cat has bright eyes, and a sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The beard of a cat is like a ruler, which can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws, which can climb trees, jump walls, and hunt down mice."}, {"nb": 816, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family. It spent three springs and autumns with me and formed a profound friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird, its shape is very beautiful, brownish yellow pointed mouth, pink tongue, eyes flicker like two stars. The feathers on the head and body are blue and black. The black hair on the wings carries a few long feathers. The feathers on the belly are white. The beautiful long tail always tilts upwards."}, {"nb": 817, "data": "The marvelous eye astronomical telescope is the \"eye\" of an astronomer, and it can be used to see distant stars; the microscope is the doctor's \"eye\", and it can be used to see very small bacteria; the periscope is the navy's \"eye.\" Monitor enemies at sea."}, {"nb": 818, "data": "In spring, the flowers are all blooming. You see, the peach blossoms are red, the pear blossoms are white, and the spring flowers are yellow. The fields are colorful and really like a big garden!"}, {"nb": 819, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 820, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 821, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 822, "data": "Dewdrop Dewdrop has a very small body and a short life, but it is extraordinary. When the night is shrouded, it nourishes the seedlings like a mother breastfeeding her baby; when dawn comes, it opens its tireless eyes for the first time; it hides in the air during the day, silently in the dark at night Working. It does not show off its power like a rainstorm and thunder, nor is it cruel and merciless to everything like hail. It worked silently and passed away silently. It devoted a short life to He Miao, but had nothing to do with He Miao. How much it is like a hard-working gardener who cultivates the flowers of the motherland; how much like our beloved teacher, working under the lamp at night and day and night, pouring the life's hard work into our heart!"}, {"nb": 823, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 824, "data": "In the past, there was a little ant who wanted to cross the river, but there was no bridge or boat. What should I do? It thought left and right, and finally came up with a good way. One day, the little ants came to the river and crawled under a big tree not far from the river. When they saw that the leaves on the tree were very big, they thought: How can they get the leaves down? At this moment, a squirrel shouted on the tree: \"Little ant, what are you doing standing under the tree?\" The little ant looked up hurriedly. It turned out to be a squirrel. It was so happy that he cried out, \"Brother Squirrel, can you pick a leaf for me?\" The squirrel was very happy to help others, so he picked a big thick leaf and threw it down. The little ant said happily, \"Thank you, brother squirrel.\" The little ant dragged the big and thick leaf, and spent the effort of the nine cows and two tigers to drag the leaves to the river. The little ant carefully placed it on the river and sat on a small boat made of leaves as if he were swinging slowly on a swing. That day happened to be downwind. After a while, the boat swayed to the other side of the river. In this way, the little ant crossed the river peacefully. The little ants are willing to use their brains and have been praised by their friends."}, {"nb": 825, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 826, "data": "Spring silkworms are career-minded, and Madam Curie is someone who devotes her entire body and mind to the cause of science and human progress. She devoted her life to researching radium, establishing a new radiology science, and becoming a pioneer in nuclear physics. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently, and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of the spring silkworm. This is the character of the moving Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 827, "data": "The little rabbit Feifei has a pair of long ears, and two big teeth in the three-petal mouth are exposed, and a few long beards are shaking, plus it is wearing a gray long-haired coat, which is attractive! It also has four legs with extremely strong bouncing power, which showed its limelight in the forest games. One day, Feifei went out to play and saw that the kitten \u2019s eyes were like emeralds. When she came home, she asked her mother: \"Mom, mom, why are my eyes red? Look, the kittens' eyes are green and bright. But I ... \"Mother said with a smile:\" You don't understand. We have no pigment in our body, only blood, so the eyes are red, in fact, your eyes are pretty! \"\" Oh, I know My red eyes are not sick, they are normal physiological phenomena! \"Feifei said happily."}, {"nb": 828, "data": "On the day of carrying the water, the mother didn't call, and the mother got up. She gently pushed open the door, and saw a figure in the hazy night, pouring the water into the water tank with difficulty carrying the bucket. The mother hurried over to take a look, it turned out to be her son Zhu De. The mother felt Zhu De's tender shoulders for a while and felt sad. \"Mother, don't worry, I can do it!\" As he said, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of the sensible child, the mother thought: \"It's really happy to be so considerate to elders and hard-working at such a young age!\""}, {"nb": 829, "data": "Speaking of hygiene, yes, yes, right, for the bin, open your mouth, and stand on the side of the road. Who is it calling? Hey Hey hey ! Who is that ? The peel cannot be thrown all over! Little sister, heard that, picked up the peel and threw it into the box. Children, when it comes to hygiene, change it when you know it right, right."}, {"nb": 830, "data": "The little painter in the snow is snowing! It's snowing! A group of small painters came in the snow. Chicks paint bamboo leaves, puppies paint plum blossoms, ducks paint maple leaves, and ponies paint crescents. Without paint, without a paintbrush, a picture can be made in a few steps. Why didn't the frog participate? It hid in the hole to sleep!"}, {"nb": 831, "data": "In the doctor forest of trees, there is a century-old tree, which is lush and leafy, and is a good place for birds to play with. One day, for no reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to the doctor of woodpeckers. The woodpecker doctor flew over. It stopped on the branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-its pointed mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked on the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then stretched out its mouth to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, all the tree bugs on the old tree were eaten up by the woodpecker. Wow ! Very comfortable. The old tree opened his smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No need to thank, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again."}, {"nb": 832, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 833, "data": "Thumbs up class Our class has a very nice name called \"Thumbs up class\". You see, there is a bright red \u201cthumb\u201d lifted on the wall above the blackboard newspaper, and there is a line of English \u201cI am the best one,\u201d which means \u201cI am the first.\u201d It means one next to the blackboard newspaper. Sunflowers' safflower table, green leaves, golden flower plate, and a \"Hanako\" hide a picture of our class children. Whoever gets the little saffron will happily paste it next to the picture. We It is often better than the one who gets the most saffron. Everyone wants to be the first. The children in the \"Thumb Up Class\" are all croaking."}, {"nb": 834, "data": "Auntie found a small parasol for Dongdong. This little parasol is beautiful! A sky blue nylon umbrella with colorful balloons printed on it. Umbrella stands can shine to see people. The most beautiful thing is the umbrella handle. The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing an aviator hat. The little girl is smiling at people!"}, {"nb": 835, "data": "On the hillside, there are green grass, wild flowers blooming, and a few lambs are eating grass. There is a small river on the slope, and the river is clear, and a group of fish play freely in the river. On the river, a pair of white geese swim around. In the distance, a shepherd boy played a flute on the cow's back."}, {"nb": 836, "data": "The fruit is ripe in the orchard. Apples are blushing like dolls; yellow persimmons are covered with branches; pomegranates also playfully grin their small mouths and smile at us. Look at the oranges, they are all round and chubby, watching the children's games on the branches, they also want to come down and play!"}, {"nb": 837, "data": "After the rainbow rain passed, it was clear. A rainbow of colors was set up between rainy days. The frog said: \"Rainbow is a colorful bridge. Standing on it, you can see the most beautiful scenery.\" Haiyan said: \"Rainbow is a big hairpin. She puts it on the mother's head. She looks more beautiful.\" Butterfly said: The rainbow is a big garland, flying around, very happy in my heart. \""}, {"nb": 838, "data": "Tonight in the moonlight, I am very comfortable. After dinner, I lay quietly on the chair on the balcony, enjoying the beautiful moonlight while cooling off. In the soft moonlight, the river that ran for a day subsided. The moon was reflected on the river, and the evening wind blew, sparkling, like a ribbon of jewels. The moonlight enveloped the earth like smoke and mist. Yue'er is a kind and most affectionate girl. Whoever has sorrow, he will look at you with pity and share your worries for you, even pulling a half of the white cloud to cover the crying face. Yue'er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds to hide and seek with the stars, and sometimes tells stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blinking. I like the moonlight in the night sky."}, {"nb": 839, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 840, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 841, "data": "Because of the rain, the grass is greener; because of the sunlight, the flowers are redder; because of the white clouds, the sky is bluer; because of the autumn wind, the earth turns yellow."}, {"nb": 842, "data": "My family lives by the sea blue sky blue, blue sea blue, my family lives by the sea. There is a Moon Bay by the sea, and fishing boats are stopped in the sea. There is an old grandpa on board, whose story can't be told."}, {"nb": 843, "data": "Ginkgo trees in autumn When autumn arrives, we saw a tall ginkgo tree as soon as we entered the park. The tree is covered with golden yellow fan-shaped leaves, and regular leaf veins are arranged on the leaves. A gust of autumn wind blew, and the ginkgo leaves swayed from side to side, like many golden fans fanning, sending a cool breeze."}, {"nb": 844, "data": "The Qingshuitang is really lively, the wind is blowing, Liu'er is shaking, the Qingshuitang is really lively. The frog knocked on the small leather drum, the duck blew his flat mouth, the white goose was wearing a little red hat, and he chirped in a minor. The little fish waved its tail, and grunted and spit bubbles."}, {"nb": 845, "data": "The breeze in March whispered the good news to a cloud. The cloud carried many small raindrops. The raindrops crackled down and told the good news to a flower on the apple tree. When the little bee collecting honey heard the good news, he hummed a song and told each dandelion on the hill. Dandelion didn't say a word, their golden faces showed a smile in the sunlight after the rain. Now everyone knows the good news-spring is here."}, {"nb": 846, "data": "Is it going to rain? When the little white rabbit looked at the front pond, the little fish had swam to the surface of the water. The little white rabbit ran over and asked, \"Little fish, little fish, how can you be free today?\" The little fish said, \"It's going to rain. The water is so stuffy, we're breathing on the water. Little white rabbit, Come home, be careful of the rain. \""}, {"nb": 847, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 848, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. There is a crescent creek in front of the village, and there is a stone bridge on the river. The river flows slowly around the village, and a school of fish swims in the river. The clear river reflects the small bridge, green trees and Castle Peak. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms. From afar, they look like a green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay."}, {"nb": 849, "data": "In the early winter morning, there was a thick fog. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct. The sun is like a red ball, rising slowly, emitting a faint light, not dazzling at all. The crops in the field are all harvested. People are busy harvesting cabbage in the garden. The fog slowly dissipated and the sun shone out. The towers and hills in the distance can be seen. The fields and woods nearby can also be seen clearly. Many persimmons hang on the persimmon trees, like red lanterns one by one. A thick layer of yellow leaves fell in the woods. Only the pine and cypress trees were not afraid of the cold, but still so green."}, {"nb": 850, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 851, "data": "I think I want to become a leaf, falling down in autumn, like a butterfly. I want to become a candle, to bring light to people in the event of a power outage. I want to be a bed. When dad is very tired, let him lie down and rest on me. I want to be a lark. When mother is troubled, listen to her beautiful song."}, {"nb": 852, "data": "The three climbers went to climb the mountain at the same time. The first person just started to climb a few steps. When the mountain was steep and difficult to climb, he retreated. He said, \"I retreated because of difficulties.\" The second person climbed to the middle of the mountain, angry Panting, looking at the dangerous high mountains above, shaking his head and saying, \"It's still enough to stop!\" He also retreated. Only the third person, who dared forward on the way of climbing, fell several times, all climbed up again, fearless and discouraged. Finally, he reached the top of the mountain. After a few days, the three met again. The first person said: \"It's not so difficult to climb to the top of the mountain. It's better for me to retreat because of difficulties. It saves a lot of energy.\" The second person said: \"Yes, so I stopped it. It's still wise to step back halfway \"The man who reached the top of the mountain smiled and said,\" However, you can't see the infinite scenery of the peak. \""}, {"nb": 853, "data": "On the day the baby monkey celebrates his birthday, the baby monkey celebrates his birthday. Neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on his birthday. The silkworm girl brought her clothes made of silk. The monkey said: \"Thank you!\" The bee brought a bottle of honey that he brewed. The monkey said: \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like to eat peaches the most, but I don't accept your gifts. \"The mouse walked away."}, {"nb": 854, "data": "The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking."}, {"nb": 855, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 856, "data": "There is a crooked creek in front of the clear stream's little rabbit's house. The stream is clear and bright, which can reflect the shadow of the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the stream in front of his door turned yellow. It was very strange, so he walked along the creek and wanted to see what happened. The rabbit walked along and saw the tall elephant and the fat wild boar. They were panting and exerting their strength to compete for a thick tree by the creek, who wanted to compare their strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as he ran, \"Hurry up and stop! You loosen the dirt, the dirt fell into the stream, and we have no clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed urgently, and all knew that he was wrong, so he worked together to plant the big tree back. Soon the stream cleared again, reflecting the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky."}, {"nb": 857, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 858, "data": "My family has a group of pigeons. They have white feathers, pointed claws, round eyes, and red mouths. When flying, they spread their fan-shaped tails, spread their large wings, and hovered in the air."}, {"nb": 859, "data": "There is a little flower dog who loves bragging. It used to be bragging. One day, the little flower dog was playing on the mountain, and the wolf caught a rabbit, and the wolf thought it was a hunting dog who came with the hunter. He was so scared that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. Little Flower Dog went home with a rabbit in his mouth and said to his friend: \"Look, I caught a rabbit!\" On this day, Little Flower Dog went up the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle fell right in front of it, so Xiaohuagou went home with an eagle in his arms, and said to his friend with an air of expression: \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, Xiaohuagou went up the mountain again to play, and suddenly the forest burst out A big tiger, Xiaohua dog fleeing desperately, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger fell off the cliff, and fell to death. The little Huagou was so scared that he was gone. I forgot to say to my friend: \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" After a few days, the little flower dog played on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion rushed towards it, little flower The dog ran away frightened, accidentally fell into the mud pit, and quickly shouted for help. The big lion said to him: \"I heard you are going to kill me, right?\" Xiaohuagou said: \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed as a white horse, and other friends Came out from the bush. The bragging little flower dog bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 860, "data": "I am a snowman. Winter is here and I appear again. The children like me and are always with me. The weather was very cold, and the bird came to me and stood on my head. I am not afraid of the cold, but only of the heat. As soon as the sun comes out, I will disappear."}, {"nb": 861, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 862, "data": "Watching animals and understanding the weather and weather changes directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather change and make preparations in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, due to the increased humidity in the air, the amount of moisture absorbed by the soil increased a lot, so the ant nests built in the soil became damp. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared in the stamen of the plant, and bees went out to collect nectar."}, {"nb": 863, "data": "Watching the car in the wind and rain In the wind and rain, the three old men are squeezed in an umbrella and their faces pale. Even though they were sitting under the eaves, the rain kept hitting their faces and bodies. At this time their clothes were soaked. However, they did not care about themselves. Three pairs of eyes were staring at the square in front of them, where two bicycles were parked, covered with their only raincoats. The owner of the car has not yet come to pick it up. \"Maybe it was trapped by the rain?\" They said, but no one wanted to go first. The cold wind blew in bursts and the rain came again and again, but none of them got up, and their three pairs of eyes were still on the two bicycles not far away. Are they just for the parking fees of those few cents?"}, {"nb": 864, "data": "Bless you, little swallows, I walked in the park in the morning and found a little swallow that fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I cautiously held the little swallow, holding my head sideways, looking at the tree as I walked. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\", is that the nest of the little swallows? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing could not help crying, like saying: \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away in fright when he saw me. I placed the little swallow under \"Tuwowo\" and looked behind the big tree. I saw that the two big swallows fell gently beside the little swallows, yelling, the three swallows are so affectionate! Looking at their family reunion, I couldn't help laughing. what ! Little Swallow, I wish you all the best and hope that you can grow up smoothly and make greater contributions to mankind."}, {"nb": 865, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 866, "data": "Animal biscuits Three little rabbits sit together and eat biscuits. They talk as they eat. The first rabbit said: \"I eat a fox.\" The second rabbit said: \"I eat a grey wolf.\" The third rabbit said: \"I eat a tiger.\" Hiding behind the tree The foxes, gray wolves, and tigers arrived, and they were so terrified that they shivered and hurried away. \"Twitter! Twitter! Twitter!\" The bird cried while flying, \"It's dangerous, it's dangerous! It's wonderful! It's funny! It's funny!\" \"What's going on?\" The three little rabbits didn't know anything at all, they were still eating, laughing, talking ..."}, {"nb": 867, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 868, "data": "A long time ago, people thought of the moon going up to see what was there. Finally on July 21, 1969, two American astronauts boarded the moon on the \"Apollo 11\" spacecraft, took the first step on the moon, and realized this dream of mankind."}, {"nb": 869, "data": "The baby especially likes to look at the window, because the window always changes color. When the window becomes blue, mother said, it is the blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, my mother said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, my mother said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and covered with small silver stones, my mother said, it was night."}, {"nb": 870, "data": "The spring clothes of the little rabbits are here, and the creatures on the earth have a new look. Mother Rabbit said to the little rabbit: \"We should change our clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket and said, \"No, the white jacket is beautiful!\" After that, he went to play in the woods. When the little rabbit saw the partridge bird wearing a flower dress, he asked strangely, \"How did you change the white dress to a flower dress?\" The partridge bird said, \"It is not easy to be spotted by the enemy when you put on the flower dress in spring. Encountered a frog. The frog just woke up after hibernation, and after bathing, his whole body was shiny green. He said to the little rabbit: \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper popped up and wore green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to jump around in the grass. My mother said, it is appropriate to wear this kind of clothes. You should also go to change your spring clothes!\" Little Rabbit quickly went home to change clothes. My mother said with a smile: \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit looked, and he had grown a lot of gray hairs on his body, and changed into gray spring clothes!"}, {"nb": 871, "data": "Xiaohua's family recently installed a telephone. One day, my grandfather was sick, my father dialed 120 quickly, and the ambulance arrived soon. Xiaohua asked his father: \"It's weird, why did you come to the ambulance as soon as you called?\" Dad told Xiaohua: \"120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service calls like this, such as 110 is the police band, 119 is The fire alarm phone, 114 is the number-checking phone, 121 is the weather forecast phone, and 122 is the road traffic accident alarm phone. \"After hearing my father's words, Xiaohua felt that the phone can be really useful."}, {"nb": 872, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 873, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 874, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 875, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 876, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 877, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 878, "data": "One morning early in the morning, the swallows found that there were many small waterdrops on the green grass, which were very beautiful. Swallow invites its friends to see it soon. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! In the sunshine, the little drops of water are more beautiful!\" After a while, the beautiful little drops of water disappeared. Xiao Cao is very sad."}, {"nb": 879, "data": "One morning early in the morning, the swallows found that there were many small waterdrops on the green grass, which were very beautiful. Swallow invites its friends to see it soon. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! In the sunshine, the little drops of water are more beautiful!\" After a while, the beautiful little drops of water disappeared. Xiao Cao is very sad."}, {"nb": 880, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 881, "data": "Voice Kingdom I like dreaming. In the dream, the sound fairy took me into the magical kingdom of sound. When I walked into the first door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the sounds of Xiaohe \u2019s \u201cwowing\u201d water, Grandpa Feng \u2019s \u201cgasping\u201d gasping, the rain of \u201cTick and Tick\u201d rain, and the thunder of Gong Gong \"Boom\" snore. I seem to be in nature. When I stepped into the second door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the cry of a bird \"chirp\", the cry of a little dog \"wang\", the cry of a kitten \"Meow\", and the roar of a lion. I seem to have come to the zoo. A sound of car horns led me to the third door. I seemed to be walking on the road. I heard the sound of bicycles, the sound of trucks, and the sound of police cars, and the sound of the police car, \"Didudidudu\". It was dawn, the dream woke up, the small alarm clock sang a song, urging me to go to school quickly."}, {"nb": 882, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 883, "data": "Steam juggling steam children, go to heaven to play. Spring becomes rain, ticking ticking. Summer turns into fog, like a piece of yarn. Autumn turns into frost, and the ground is sprinkled with salt flowers. Winter turns into snow, and the earth wears white gowns."}, {"nb": 884, "data": "The little ant moved the bean. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to the house. I saw that the little ant touched the little ant next to it with the antennae on its head. This little ant also clicked on the antennae. , Indicating that you know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everyone touched one by one, everyone knew. The ants lined up immediately, led by the little ants who found the beans, and arrived at the place where the beans were put. Everyone moved the beans back home. It turned out that the little ants used their tentacles to deliver messages."}, {"nb": 885, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 886, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 887, "data": "I think I want to become a leaf, falling down in autumn, like a butterfly. I want to become a candle, to bring light to people in the event of a power outage. I want to be a bed. When dad is very tired, let him lie down and rest on me. I want to be a lark. When mother is troubled, listen to her beautiful song."}, {"nb": 888, "data": "I am a weather forecaster. Do n\u2019t look at my young age, but I can see that wind and rain change a lot; Dongqing and Xiwang do not wait for dinner. Swallows are going to rain. The frog calls, the ants move, and the fish rolls under heavy rain. Sunny and rainy days I knew that I was a weather forecaster."}, {"nb": 889, "data": "The hens plant rice for one day, and the hens find some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Will you grow rice with me?\" The duckling said, \"It's too hard to grow rice, I'm afraid to bend down!\" The little hen had to grow rice by himself. As the seedlings grew taller, the little hen asked the kitten: \"Will you hoe with me?\" The kitten said, \"Weed is too hard. I'm afraid of blistering my hands!\" The little hen had to weed the grass by herself. When the rice was cooked, the little hen asked the little pig: \"Will you collect rice with me?\" The little pig said, \"It's too hard to collect the rice. I'm afraid it will get muddy!\" The little hen had to collect the rice by himself. The little hen beat the rice into rice and made it into fragrant and sweet white rice. It was given to the duckling, who lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"We will grow rice with you next year!\""}, {"nb": 890, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 891, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 892, "data": "The shoots finally got out of the ground. She opened her eyes and saw, ah, how bright and beautiful the world is! Peach Blossom blushed with a smile, Willow shook his long green braid, and the little swallow tweeted ..."}, {"nb": 893, "data": "On the afternoon of Saturday, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites over the square! There are golden yellow \"little bees\", snow-white \"swans\", and silver-gray \"pigeons\". They flew freely, decorating the sky above Tiananmen Square colorfully."}, {"nb": 894, "data": "A pair of little shoes and a rabbit found a pair of beautiful little shoes. Whose is it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Looking for the duckling, the duckling said, \"No, no, I have webbed feet on my feet and can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Looking for the birdie, the little bird said: \"No, no, my feet are pointed, can Grab the branch, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for the kitten, the kitten said:\" No, no, I have soft pads on my feet, there is no sound when walking, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for small The horse, the pony said: \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can walk a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the bunny saw a baby, light Running on the beach with your feet ... Bunny asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said: \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right Little Rabbit said: \"Thank you!\""}, {"nb": 895, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, its effect is great! Scales are the \"bone\" of fish sauce on the outside of the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor. It has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent the bacteria in the water. The scales of the back and the abdomen are not the same color, the back is dark, and the abdomen is light. Fish scales grow slower in winter and darker in color; fish scales grow faster and lighter in summer. The shape of the fish scale is also different, there are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped!"}, {"nb": 896, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 897, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 898, "data": "It was raining for half a day in the evening glow. In the evening, the sky gradually became clear. A brilliant sunset rose over the horizon, and for a while it was covered with most of the sky. There are thousands of sunsets, some like lions roaring in the sky, some like elephants stretching their noses to drink water, and some like sheep eating grass ... It's unpredictable, adding a bit to the quiet sky Mysterious. Unconsciously, the sunset slowly receded, the sky was blue and blue."}, {"nb": 899, "data": "The field is lively and extraordinary. Pieces of soybeans swayed the pods and made a la la laugh; the tall sorghum raised its black, red, and black face, as if singing happily. On the hillside, by the road, at the entrance of the village, the maple leaves are all red, and they are red like a fire, burning people's hearts."}, {"nb": 900, "data": "The moon sprouted, the moon sprouted, in the little black room where the stars were jumping. The moon has sprouted secretly. Can one fingernail cover grow overnight? Can you grow a little nail cover in a day? It grows long, grows long, will it be embarrassed to be seen? I know it needs to grow into a little girl, to be golden, to be bright, to have a little loneliness and pride. Grow into a moon flower!"}, {"nb": 901, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 902, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 903, "data": "Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to rest on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red claws hold the reeds tightly. Its color is very bright. The feathers on the head resemble a turban in the shade of emerald, embroidered with emerald green patterns. The feathers on the back resemble a light green coat. The feathers on the abdomen are like auburn shirts. It is small and exquisite, with a pair of sharp and long mouths under its translucent and flexible eyes. Kingfisher's song was crisp, and love fluttered against the surface of the water. With a blink of an eye, it stopped gently on the stalk. It gazed motionlessly at the microwave-filled water, waiting for the small fish to swim to the surface."}, {"nb": 904, "data": "October 28 is the birthday of the goat, many small animals came to congratulate him. They gave the little goat their most precious gift. Calves send milk, rabbits send radishes, chickens send greens, red pandas send bamboo leaves, and monkeys send peaches. Everyone eats, plays and sings together, so happy!"}, {"nb": 905, "data": "In the morning, the sun doll lifted the blue quilt of the mother of the sea and happily got up. Look at his red, round smile, and climb up! Climb, climb, ho! The Sun Doll climbed very high, so happy that his eyes radiated a golden light. The strong sun doll loves to walk by himself. He ran non-stop in the sky from east to west, from morning to noon, from noon to afternoon, from afternoon to evening, and he ran so tired and tired wow! Grandpa Dashan saw the Sun Doll coming and happily praised: \"Good dear, you really do!\" Then, said lovingly again: \"Let Grandpa come back to you!\" \"Good Grandpa, thank you!\" Sun Doll has a happy face The baby is redder. Grandpa Dashan carried the sun doll. The little guy was pulling on grandpa's shoulders and smiling gleefully. \"Hum! Hum!\" Grandpa Dashan hummed in his mouth while carrying the Sun Doll back to Xishanwa!"}, {"nb": 906, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 907, "data": "The stream flows gently, the grassland is green, the birds fly, the insects jump, the deer runs, the fish swims ... We love nature, and people and animals are friends."}, {"nb": 908, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 909, "data": "Brave little rooster Little rooster comes to the grass with mother chicken every day. When he meets other small animals to bully other chickens, he always rushes up bravely. One day, a fierce eagle flew over the grass, and the mother chicken asked the chicks to quickly hide in the grass. The little rooster tried to rush to drive away the eagle, and the mother chicken pulled him. The little rooster said to his mother very dissatisfiedly: \"I have grown up and I can drive the eagle away.\" The mother chicken said to him: \"A person's ability is limited, but being brave is not enough. Dealing with the eagle, hard It does n\u2019t work, it \u2019s also a good way to avoid him. \""}, {"nb": 910, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 911, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 912, "data": "In the evening, my father is reading the newspaper and my mother is watching TV. I finished my homework and gave them fruits. Dad smiled, so did I. How happy our family is!"}, {"nb": 913, "data": "The lotus pond is really fun. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond is full of lotus leaves and full of lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaf is like a green umbrella that has been stretched out. It can be shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus flowers are more beautiful than any flowers. They grow in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dress the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond the most. Hiding in a large basin, gently paddling with your hands, swaying, swaying into the lotus, hiding under the lotus leaf to cool off in the wind, listening to the croaking of frogs. It's raining, the raindrops hit the lotus leaf, ticking, like it really is the \"umbrella\" propped on our heads!"}, {"nb": 914, "data": "Look at the goose, the white goose is coming: Stretching his neck, flapping his wings, squawking, \"white,\" white, only a little yellow dotted on his head and claws, his body is fat and strong, and his long neck supports a small and exquisite head, The small eyes are slick, the flat mouth is always pecking and pecking, cute! I love the white goose, but I hate its domineering. He always relied on his own strength to make his chickens, ducks, dogs and cats at home obedient, but when he was slightly disobedient, he forced him by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats all became its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slave\" can only eat leftovers when its belly is round and its wings flapped away. Every time I saw this situation, I screamed at it angrily: \"You damn slave owner, now what time it is, see that I will not beat you to death.\""}, {"nb": 915, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 916, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 917, "data": "The little frog is called quack, the duck quacks, the cock croaks, and the croak returns to Chunxiao, and the sheep looks for his mother. Bees humming flowers, hens clucking dolls, twittering magpies, and Mimi meowing, who is coming?"}, {"nb": 918, "data": "There is a pomegranate tree in the yard. There are many pomegranates hanging on the tree. Mother said, \"Pomegranate can be eaten as soon as it smiles.\" When does pomegranate smile? Kang Kang sang to it, it didn't laugh. Kang Kang danced it, he didn't laugh. Kang Kang told him a joke, but he didn't laugh either. Autumn has come . The pomegranate on the tree slowly showed rows of teeth and smiled. Kang Kang looked at the pomegranate and smiled."}, {"nb": 919, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 920, "data": "The beautiful Phalaenopsis weather is so nice, I went for a walk with my dad and saw a flower on the side of the road. I asked my dad: \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me: \"This is a Phalaenopsis.\" I asked: \" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said:\" This flower is very peculiar, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I look closely, half of the petals of this flower are purple, the other half It's white, it's like a flying butterfly when it's blown by the wind, it's amazing!"}, {"nb": 921, "data": "One day, a pig goes to the stable to visit his good friend, the old horse, and is prepared to stay there overnight. It was dark and it was time to go to sleep. The pig burrowed into the haystack and lay comfortably. However, after a long time, the horse stood still. The pig asked the horse why he didn't sleep yet. The horse replied that it stood asleep even if it stood like this. The pig felt very strange, and said, \"How to stand up and sleep, this is not comfortable at all.\" Ma replied: \"Easy, this is your habit. As a horse, we are used to Mercedes-Benz. So, it is in While sleeping, we are always ready to run. \""}, {"nb": 922, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 923, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 924, "data": "The scene on the beach is really wonderful. There are all kinds of shells everywhere, some are white, some are red, some are yellow, some are pink and blue ... colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are round and smooth on their backs; some are conical, with patterns winding down circle by circle; and others are like various small animals, which come to life."}, {"nb": 925, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 926, "data": "In the autumn season of kiwi, kiwis are covered with branches and make people salivate. The shape of kiwis is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots on it, and there are small fluffs. Gently peel it off, revealing the jasper-like flesh inside, the lines are like a folding fan that opens, and it looks like a curved bow pulled up one after another, and it is covered with \"little sesame seeds\". Try it, it tastes sweet and refreshing. Kiwi is not only delicious, but also has high medicinal and nutritional value. It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer! \""}, {"nb": 927, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 928, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 929, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 930, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see the animals. The zoo is really lively, with all kinds of animals. The naughty monkey is swinging on the big tree. The monkey was naughty and jumped around, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, sea lions are performing heading, and from time to time there are applause from tourists. On the blue lake surface, two white swans are plucking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the bird flapped its wings and flew freely."}, {"nb": 931, "data": "George and his little axe George got a little axe, and it was tickling in his heart. He wanted to try the axe sharp or not. He ran into the garden and saw a tree. Without thinking, he raised a small axe and cut down the tree. After a while, Dad came back. \"Who cut my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily, \"If I knew who did it, I would ...\" George lowered his head and said: \"Dad, I want to try my little ax \"\" Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He hugged George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I'd rather lose twelve cherry trees than you would tell a lie.\""}, {"nb": 932, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 933, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 934, "data": "Qi Baishi is a famous painter in China. He cherishes time very much. He never wastes time. He has always used the phrase \"do not teach to spend a day\" to strictly demand himself. Once, Qi Baishi celebrated his 90th birthday. He was busy until very late before sending off the last group of guests. At this time he thought, today the task of drawing has not been completed yet, he should finish drawing before going to sleep, so he picked up the pen to draw. After repeated persuasion by his family, he went to rest. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be exhausted, so he persuaded him to take more rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday."}, {"nb": 935, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 936, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 937, "data": "In early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 938, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 939, "data": "There are many flowers in front of the school. There is a string of red with fiery red, golden yellow sun, purple morning glory, and snow-white calla lily. The bursts of flowers attracted bees and butterflies to dance among the flowers."}, {"nb": 940, "data": "Winter has passed, and spring came to me unconsciously. Spring is on the branches. The buds quietly drilled out and dressed the branches green. Spring is in the garden. The flowers are blooming, there are red, pink, and golden ... colorful, so beautiful! The most attractive thing is the pansies, like a group of flowers and butterflies spreading their wings, dancing. In the vast fields in spring, broad beans and rapeseeds planted by the farmer's uncle have worked hard to produce small white and golden flowers, exuding a burst of fragrance. Spring is here, the motherland is full of spring, I love the spring of the motherland."}, {"nb": 941, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 942, "data": "Little Huazier finds happiness. There is a little black flower who quietly pops out of his mother's arms. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun and asked: \"Sun, are you very happy?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun's bright red face said, \"I give everyone sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It sees little birds, Q: \"Bird, are you very happy?\" \"Bird\" chirping \"said:\" Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me. \"It saw a bee, asked:\" bee \"Are you very happy?\" The bee \"buzzed\" and said: \"Yes, I'm very happy. I'm collecting honey for everyone. Everyone likes me.\" It saw a frog, asked: \"Are you happy, frog \"Frog\" \u5471\u5471\u5471 \"Say:\" Yes, I am very happy. I catch pests for everyone, everyone likes me. \"Friends are very happy, Xiao Huazi also want to find their own happiness. It floats with the wind girl, across the river, across the grassland, and finally onto the snowy mountains. A piece of white snow, a white tree, a white house, a white road in the snow mountain ... The little flower child stayed, and it was going to bloom a flower on the snow mountain. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really has a beautiful big red flower. The fragrant fragrance is very urgent. The scent spread far and far, white bears, seals, snow rabbits, walruses ... and adults and children came. Seeing everyone like it so much, it said happily to itself: \"I'm so happy!\""}, {"nb": 943, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 944, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 945, "data": "A beauty contest is being held in the beauty contest forest. Miss Duck quickly put on a pair of small red leather shoes and ran to \"Plop\". She fell down. At this moment, the little frog was coated with a layer of white powder, Miss Crow was dressed with colorful peacock feathers, and Miss Cat was wearing a pink dress and took to the stage. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the stage with bare feet. In the end, Miss Duck won the first place."}, {"nb": 946, "data": "Vegetables are more powerful than vegetable gardens. Vegetables are boasting about their skills. Celery said: \"I am a delicacy, lowering blood pressure is my specialty.\" Spinach said: \"Strengthen physical fitness, prevent anemia, can not do without me.\" Cucumber said: \"beautiful skin to wrinkle, you have to rely on me.\" Carrot said : \"Vitamins can't be lacking, the little ginseng is me.\""}, {"nb": 947, "data": "Tree family I walk into the world of the forest. I have never seen so many trees: there are red pine, lime tree, willow, birch ... they form a big and harmonious family. Red pine, like a kind grandpa, linden tree, like a burly dad, willow tree, like a beautiful mother, and little birch, like a smart sister. Walking into the tree's family, I think of my home."}, {"nb": 948, "data": "The little cat grower fish farmers planted corn in the field, and in autumn, they collected a lot of corn. The farmers planted peanuts in the field, and in the autumn they harvested a lot of peanuts. When the little cat saw it, he put the little fish in the ground. Did it collect a lot of little fish?"}, {"nb": 949, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountain; in the fields, the sun jumps out of the Mai Lang; in the city, the sun comes out of the gap between the buildings; in our home, the sun is squeezed from the curtains Out; in the school, the sun is called out from the children's reading."}, {"nb": 950, "data": "What kind of earth is it? I took the spaceship to the sky to see what the earth looks like. The earth turned out to be a big ball, dressed in floral clothes. The green places are: forests, crops and grasslands. The blue places are: rivers, lakes and oceans. The yellow place is: the desert with yellow sand flying. It was like the rolling waves: high and low mountains. The white places are: the snow-bound Antarctic and Arctic. Ah, I returned to the earth in a spaceship, and now I know what the earth is like."}, {"nb": 951, "data": "The osmanthus tree is not as tall as the plane tree, nor as short as the boxwood tree. It stands upright, green all year round, and looks from a distance, like a big green umbrella."}, {"nb": 952, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 953, "data": "The mature lychees are large, round, bunches, and fiery. Pick one, peel it off, and a layer of white flesh tightly wraps the red and shiny core. With a light bite, my mouth was overflowing with fresh juice, sweet."}, {"nb": 954, "data": "To the mouse, I like you-a pair of smart eyes, pink ears. Although I love to do bad things, I still like you. If I come to your kingdom, I must ask you to wash your face, wash your hands, take a bath, and brush your teeth. Also teach you to work by yourself and don't sneak in when doing things. I also want to introduce you a friend-its name is cat."}, {"nb": 955, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. Chunhua said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a la la song. When Spring Doll said something to Xiaohua, Xiaohua opened her red mouth. Chunhua said something to Dayan, and Dayan flew home from the south. The capacity of a spring doll is so great that everything in the world listens to it!"}, {"nb": 956, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 957, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 958, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with pale yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers fall, and the jujube trees are covered with small green dates. In autumn, the little green dates slowly turned red, becoming very big and big dates. At this time, the trees seemed to be covered with small round lanterns. My children and I stood under the tree, looking up at the red dates, so happy! At the end of autumn and early winter, we ate red and sweet jujubes, and we were very grateful to those who planted jujube trees."}, {"nb": 959, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 960, "data": "The children in their hometown love their hometown. They drew their beautiful hometown with paintbrushes. Yangyang's hometown is by the sea, and the sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of the mountains is in the mountains, the mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. The plain hometown is on the plains, the plains he painted are so beautiful, golden rice, white cotton, and a large green vegetable field. The original hometown is the grassland. The grassland he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very high."}, {"nb": 961, "data": "The little sand chicken sent the water to the hot desert. The mother of the sand chicken was sick. She lay under a cactus and gasped and said, \"Water, water ...\" The little sand chicken quickly helped her mother to find water. It looked in the endless desert, and finally found a small puddle. The little sand chicken was so happy that he didn't want to drink it himself, and quickly dipped his hairy body into the puddle. The feathers of sand grouses have a strong ability to absorb water, and they will be full of water soon. It flew under the cactus and said, \"Mom, I've brought you water!\" The mother of the sand chicken stretched her mouth into the feathers of the little sand chicken and sucked the water into her mouth. Mother Sand Chicken smiled and said, \"You are such a sensible child!\" Little Sand Chicken said, \"Mom, when I was a kid, you gave me water like this!\""}, {"nb": 962, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 963, "data": "Spring is here \"Spring is here!\" Swallows \"chirp\" and reports this good news to the people. Spring is really here, everything is just like waking up. The warm spring breeze blew gently, and the golden sunlight bathed the earth, shining warmly on people. The fields were covered with green clothes, and the river was gurgling ..."}, {"nb": 964, "data": "Light rain, light rain, one drop, two drops, ticking ... ticking, jumping from the sky, jumping from the leaves, jumping from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, one drop, another drop, so cold, so sweet! No wonder the seeds drank and sprouted the leaves, and the flowers drank more vividly! Tick \u200b\u200b..."}, {"nb": 965, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 966, "data": "Once, when I admired the coin, I saw three Chinese characters \"Japan\" on the Japanese coin. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said: \"During the Tang Dynasty, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan had no native scripts. When we saw the beautiful Chinese scripts, we borrowed some of the Chinese characters and created our own scripts. Until now, there are thousands Ten thousand Chinese characters are used in Japan. \""}, {"nb": 967, "data": "Little snowflakes are snowing. Little Snowflake wore a shiny hexagonal hat and a white coat, facing the gust of wind, spinning in the air, tumbling ... She overcame the obstruction of the north wind big man, and flew to the fields, forests, mountains, villages and towns ... Look, The wheat seedlings in the field shuddered in the roar of the north wind, curling up with their weak bodies frozen. Little Snowflake embraced her tenderly: \"Wheat sprouts, wheat sprouts, I will bring you a quilt.\" The wheat sprouts shed tears of excitement: \"Thank you, dear little snowflake, you always need me It brings warmth. \"After a while, the wheat seedlings were covered with snow-white quilts, thick and soft, and she fell asleep sweetly. Little Snowflakes began to fly again, and she flew far and far away."}, {"nb": 968, "data": "Monkeys boil melons The fruits of the monkeys have a great harvest. On this day, the monkey holding the pumpkin is about to nibble. The little squirrel said kindly on the tree: \"Brother monkey, the pumpkin is cooked and eaten, and it is sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him. \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well try Try, when did I lie to you? \"The monkey doubted and cooked the pumpkin and tasted it. It was really sweet and delicious, much better than raw. He said happily: \"It's true to listen to others with humility!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey: \"Boy monkey, those watermelons and melons you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again, and tasted it again. Only then did the monkey know that he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's wrong not to believe in others. It's easier to be deceived if you believe in others!\""}, {"nb": 969, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 970, "data": "The sky was dressed in black clothes, and the ground was sprinkled with silver moonlight. Dewdrop mother is worried. Where can I find so many small beds for the babies? Petals said, sleep in my house, my bed smells good again. The leaves said, sleep in my house, my bed is shaking again and again. The spider said, sleep in my house, my bed has springs. But I still have the place where the youngest baby does not sleep. Caojian'er said, sleep in my house, I happen to have a single bed. That night all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because the fear of the baby falling, the grass tip remained until dawn."}, {"nb": 971, "data": "This little turtle is very small, not much bigger than the thumb. The four small feet are as big as rice grains. There are some small black spots on the earthy back. The little turtle's head stretched out and shrunk, but it was interesting."}, {"nb": 972, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 973, "data": "How to grow vegetables in winter in winter, the weather is cold, in order to eat vegetables in summer, people build greenhouses for these vegetables. General greenhouses use glass or plastic film as walls and roofs to shield the wind and rain, absorb sunlight, and also need to turn on heating to increase the temperature. If there is not enough light, install an \"artificial sun\". In this way, despite the number of midwinter days, people can still cultivate summer vegetables."}, {"nb": 974, "data": "The voice of spring sings \"Tick Tick\" in spring, spring wind plays the piano \"sand rustle\", spring thunder plays drums \"Boom\", spring applauds \"Wala\", held a spring concert, Chunsun is a conductor."}, {"nb": 975, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 976, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is here, the flowers show a small face, and the grass stretches its waist. Spring is here, spring is here, the swallows build a new nest, and the magpies whisper."}, {"nb": 977, "data": "The first birthday cake is June 1st's birthday. Many small animals came to congratulate her. Rabbits send grass, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, and hens send eggs. Everyone sing together to wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candle and cut off the first birthday cake. Maverick thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show it to her when I have a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, just give her a play. Little Rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, I will play with her. However, the lamb gave the first piece of cake to her mother, she said: \"Without my mother there would be no me, my birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends all applauded, everyone said: \"We have On birthday, the first piece of cake must also be given to mom. \""}, {"nb": 978, "data": "I am a space shuttle. My job is mainly to send all kinds of satellites to space, and bring back the satellites that have problems to the ground for inspection and repair. My body is already large and heavy, and with satellites or something, it becomes even heavier. So I have to take the rocket to send me to a high altitude. After reaching a height of 43 kilometers, I can fly into space orbit by myself and fly around the earth without stopping. I am more advanced than a spaceship. When returning to the ground, I can glide and land like an airplane myself, so I can reuse it, unlike a rocket that is scrapped only once."}, {"nb": 979, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 980, "data": "In the spring of Guozigou, the Guozigou in Xinjiang is full of flowers. In addition to the colorful wildflowers on the hillside, there are also apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Bunches, clumps, patches, red and glamorous, blue and shining, white and gleaming, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there are fewer flowers and more fruits. Red, green, yellow, one by one, one after another, clusters, clusters, like stars, covered mountains and hills, not at a glance. Guozigou is really a good place with many flowers and many fruits."}, {"nb": 981, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 982, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 983, "data": "Just after the rain, the sun came out, and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong: \"You are beautiful, this is true. However, if there is no me without you.\" Hong did not believe it, but became more proud. The sun shook his head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately."}, {"nb": 984, "data": "Spring is here. A piece of green and pink peach blossoms are on the grass. Snowy white rabbits are jumping around on the grass. The wild yellow goose nodded to us. Spring is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 985, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 986, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 987, "data": "When the little tiger grows up, the little tiger goes to the grass and asks his father to hug it and his mother to carry it. The little tiger goes to the garden, and he walks and runs by himself. When the little tiger goes into the forest, he will help his grandpa and help his grandma. The little tiger has grown up. On the grass, the little tiger eats, eats, sleeps, and grunts; runs and runs in the garden, oh, oh, oh; in the forest, the little tiger sings and jumps ..."}, {"nb": 988, "data": "There are small drops of water on the back of the little turtle, which must be so hot that it sweats. Sweetly hurriedly fan it. Dad told Tiantian that the tortoise is a cold-blooded animal like a fish. It is not afraid of heat. Sweating is because the back of the little turtle is cold, and there is more water vapor in the air. Small water droplets are formed on the back of the turtle, indicating that it is going to rain."}, {"nb": 989, "data": "Cleft Lip Fish The Cleft Lip Fish is small and light in action. It treats the fish, not through medicine, but uses its pointed mouth to remove bacteria and necrotic muscles from the sick fish. In fact, the fish doctor uses the parasites and necrotic tissues of the sick fish to make delicious meals. In this way, the fish doctor can get a \"remuneration\"----a full meal, and the sick fish immediately relieves the pain, it really has its own Income. Biologically call this phenomenon \"symbiosis\". What is more interesting is that the relationship between the sick fish and the fish doctor is quite harmonious. All sick fish that come for treatment must be head-down, tail-up, and suspended in the water straight at the time of treatment. Fish medicine is indispensable in fish. As long as there is a fish doctor, the sick fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death caused by disease will be greatly reduced."}, {"nb": 990, "data": "In the early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 991, "data": "Place your home as grass and water, and water as tea, and place your home under the big tree. The elder brother builds the house, the younger brother grows crops, the older sister makes clothes, I go to feed the chickens and ducks, the younger sister is young, watching the rag doll."}, {"nb": 992, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 993, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 994, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 995, "data": "The sun slowly sinks. Its round face turned red, and the clouds around it were dyed yellow, red, purple ..."}, {"nb": 996, "data": "Mommy Plant has a way for Dandelion Mother to prepare a parachute and give it to her doll. As long as the wind blew gently, the children set off on the wind one after another. There is a good way for mother Xuan Er. She puts her child on a barbed armor. As long as the fur of the animal is hung, the children can go to the fields and mountains. Mother Pea had a better way. She let the pods shine in the sun. With a bang, the pods exploded, and the children bounced away from their mothers."}, {"nb": 997, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 998, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 999, "data": "It \u2019s raining, it \u2019s raining! Raindrops, rustle ... the raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to have red flowers. The rain fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to have white flowers. The rain fell on the willow, and the willow spit green buds with joy. The rain fell on the field, and the seeds were happy to pour their mouths. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frog was croaking with joy. Light rain, rustle, decorate the picturesque spring."}, {"nb": 1000, "data": "A small bookshelf is placed in my home. It is used by the upper fathers and given to the mother in the middle. My book, below, read it every day after school."}, {"nb": 1001, "data": "The Little Zoo The little zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer, and goats, etc. I like the goats in it the most. When I came to the zoo, I first ran to the lamb fold and took out the grass that I had prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat ran over. It has white hair, smooth and beautiful, with a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth, running, \"bleating\" while running Shouted."}, {"nb": 1002, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the sky, they invented the airplane. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. The eyes of the pigeon can tell whether the enemy is a friend or an enemy. The man-made monitor can also monitor aircraft and missiles. Dog noses are best. People have created electronic noses to check whether underground gas pipes are leaking."}, {"nb": 1003, "data": "Multi-functional bridge I am a bridge engineer. I designed a multi-functional bridge. It can move, it will lengthen and shorten, it will rise and fall. When there is heavy water, I can build this bridge on the water at any time. If the river rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge. If the river recedes, I will lower the bridge, shorten it, and transport it back to the warehouse."}, {"nb": 1004, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 1005, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 1006, "data": "The father-in-law smirked, and the little animals got up early. Ducks swim in the water, chicks run on the ground, swings on monkey trees, jump in the squirrel forest, peacocks spread their big tails, and take photos against the lake."}, {"nb": 1007, "data": "In the early winter of Mist Girl, Mist Girl flew around with a white yarn around her. She came to a beautiful garden and covered the flowers with layers of white gauze. The flowers said, \"Thank you, Mist Girl, we are thirsty, and you brought us dew.\" Mist Girl came to the winding road again. She thought: Let me dress up the road. She draped the white gauze one by one on the road, he thought the road was more beautiful. But the highway said: \"Mist Girl, don't do this, the car sister will have an opinion.\" Sure enough, the voice of the car sister came: \"Mist Girl, your kindness will make me see the road, you should go back!\" The girl was uncomfortable and wailed, and her tears fell on the ground. At this time, Father Sun came out. He stretched out two warm big hands to help Wuwu girl wipe away her tears, comforting her and saying, \"Child, you should rest!\" Wuqi girl hugged the white gauze and flew away with a smile."}, {"nb": 1008, "data": "My mark is very short, with small eyes, a small nose, and a small mouth concentrated on my face, but the pair of big ears are especially conspicuous. When I was a child, I was very naughty. Therefore, my ears often suffered like this: my father pulled the left ear, and my mother pulled the right ear, so as to punish me. Listening to my mother, when I fell to the ground, she noticed at a glance that I had a small ear on my right ear, and thought it was my mark, and thought it was hereditary. Anyone who has seen me at a glance says that I am very clever and must be very productive and blessed in the future. I asked them why, they said: \"Because you have a little ear longer than others.\" In fact, whether people will have a good future, whether they are blessed, has nothing to do with their ears, they must rely on their diligence and hard work, Did you say that?"}, {"nb": 1009, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 1010, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with pale yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers fall, and the jujube trees are covered with small green dates. In autumn, the little green dates slowly turned red, becoming very big and big dates. At this time, the trees seemed to be covered with small round lanterns. My children and I stood under the tree, looking up at the red dates, so happy! At the end of autumn and early winter, we ate red and sweet jujubes, and we were very grateful to those who planted jujube trees."}, {"nb": 1011, "data": "The Qingshuitang is really lively, the wind is blowing, Liu'er is shaking, the Qingshuitang is really lively. The frog knocked on the small leather drum, the duck blew his flat mouth, the white goose was wearing a little red hat, and he chirped in a minor. The little fish waved its tail, and grunted and spit bubbles."}, {"nb": 1012, "data": "Peacocks, starlings, and hens used to have a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. Peacock ran to the farmer first and said, \"Let me live with you! I look best, open the tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the starling came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you. Let's be together! My mouth is the most coincident. Whatever you say, I will say it, and I will definitely tell you to listen. \"At this time, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen: \"What skills do you have?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither pretty nor good at mouth. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"An egg down the earth is more valuable than fiddling a hundred times with beautiful feathers and saying a thousand nice words. Hardworking and willing hens, welcome you to live here.\" Peacock and starling listened to the farmer , Embarrassed to leave."}, {"nb": 1013, "data": "Promise to the stars The stars have their small eyes open and hung on the black velvet, sparkling, do you look down from above to see if I am pure? The stars with their small eyes open, shining in the tranquil sky, you are in the high places, saying I am kind? The stars have their small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, open all night without sleeping, rosy dawn, why wipe you out? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dewdrops. You are shaking all the time, is it because of the cold? The little eyes of the stars, I assure you: you look at me, I will always be innocent."}, {"nb": 1014, "data": "The field is lively and extraordinary. Pieces of soybeans swayed the pods and made a la la laugh; the tall sorghum raised its black, red, and black face, as if singing happily. On the hillside, by the road, at the entrance of the village, the maple leaves are all red, and they are red like a fire, burning people's hearts."}, {"nb": 1015, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 1016, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1017, "data": "Children love their hometown, and they love to paint their beautiful hometown. Taotao's hometown is by the sea. The sea he painted was so blue and so wide. One boat is full of fish and shrimps. The child who picked up shells on the beach with bare feet is Tao Tao. Shanshan's hometown is in the mountains. The mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. Before and after the house are tall and big trees. The mountains and hills in the painting, carrying a small bamboo basket, are about to go to the woods to gather mushrooms."}, {"nb": 1018, "data": "In the doctor forest of trees, there is a century-old tree, which is lush and leafy, and is a good place for birds to play with. One day, for no reason, the leaves of the old tree slowly turned yellow. The branches began to wither. The little birds were very anxious and hurried to the doctor of woodpeckers. The woodpecker doctor flew over. It stopped on the branch and knocked with his mouth first. Oh ! It turned out that the tree worm was messing up. The woodpecker took out its \"scalpel\"-its pointed mouth pecked, pecked, and pecked on the old tree, pecked out a small mouth, and then stretched out its mouth to forcefully hook the tree worm out. After a while, all the tree bugs on the old tree were eaten up by the woodpecker. Wow ! Very comfortable. The old tree opened his smile and said, \"Thank you, Doctor Woodpecker.\" The woodpecker said, \"No need to thank, this is what I should do.\" The birds can play on the old tree again."}, {"nb": 1019, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 1020, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 1021, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1022, "data": "A group of ants was busy outside the house, and the little cock tilted his head and asked: \"Little ant, are you happy?\" The ant replied: \"Our winter food is almost ready, very happy.\" , They kept going back and forth, and the little cock raised his head and asked, \"Sister Swallow, are you happy?\" Yanzi said, \"We will have our own home right away, very happy.\" Everyone is very happy, what is happiness? \"Aunt Sika Deer said:\" Children, happiness needs to be found by themselves. Happiness comes from everything in life, happiness is in everyone's heart. \""}, {"nb": 1023, "data": "My aunt sent me a bird with green feathers and yellow mouth, and two eyes flickering, very cute. I put it in a cage, gave it food, and gave it water, but it didn't move at all. I'm in a hurry, I don't know what to do."}, {"nb": 1024, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 1025, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 1026, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 1027, "data": "The three best friends in winter, Qingsong, are not afraid of the coldness of winter. There are still coniferous green bushes, and the branches still rise to the sky. Like an old hero, the land is independent and fearless! Green Bamboo is not afraid of the north wind's anger! Ye Xiaoxiao cheered when the wind came, and shook and danced when the wind came. Like a big husband, in the cold wind can still martial arts! Lamei is not afraid of heavy snow flying. The flowers bloom more beautifully than snow, and the flowers have more fragrance than snow. Like a little girl, standing in the wind and smiling slightly!"}, {"nb": 1028, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 1029, "data": "Voice Kingdom I like dreaming. In the dream, the sound fairy took me into the magical kingdom of sound. When I walked into the first door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the sounds of Xiaohe \u2019s \u201cwowing\u201d water, Grandpa Feng \u2019s \u201cgasping\u201d gasping, the rain of \u201cTick and Tick\u201d rain, and the thunder of Gong Gong \"Boom\" snore. I seem to be in nature. When I stepped into the second door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the cry of a bird \"chirp\", the cry of a little dog \"wang\", the cry of a kitten \"Meow\", and the roar of a lion. I seem to have come to the zoo. A sound of car horns led me to the third door. I seemed to be walking on the road. I heard the sound of bicycles, the sound of trucks, and the sound of police cars, and the sound of the police car, \"Didudidudu\". It was dawn, the dream woke up, the small alarm clock sang a song, urging me to go to school quickly."}, {"nb": 1030, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 1031, "data": "Children who count stars at night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child sat in the yard, leaning on her grandmother, raised her head and pointed to the sky to count the stars. One, two, counted to hundreds. The grandmother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and blinking, all eyes are blooming, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, can see You can count them when you see them. The stars are moving, but not turbulent. You see, this star is always so far away from that star. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Child, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but the distance between them seems to be constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa stopped, pointing to the north The sky said, \"Look, the seven stars, connected like a spoon, are called the Big Dipper. The star facing the spoon is the North Star. The Big Dipper always rotates around the North Star.\" Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night, and looked up at the stars several times. He saw clearly, the Big Dipper really turned slowly around the North Star. This child who counts stars is called Zhang Heng, who is from the Han Dynasty. After he grew up, he worked hard on astronomy and became a famous astronomer."}, {"nb": 1032, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 1033, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 1034, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 1035, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1036, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1037, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 1038, "data": "The shoots finally got out of the ground. She opened her eyes and saw, ah, how bright and beautiful the world is! Peach Blossom blushed with a smile, Willow shook his long green braid, and the little swallow tweeted ..."}, {"nb": 1039, "data": "Steam juggling steam children, go to heaven to play. Spring becomes rain, ticking ticking. Summer turns into fog, like a piece of yarn. Autumn turns into frost, and the ground is sprinkled with salt flowers. Winter turns into snow, and the earth wears white gowns."}, {"nb": 1040, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 1041, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1042, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 1043, "data": "When the pony grows up, the old horse invites the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The little horses have learned to show the old horses the same. The old horse was very happy to see it. He kissed the face of the little horse and said, \"You have learned so many skills. You are really a good boy.\" Do things for everyone. \""}, {"nb": 1044, "data": "A few days ago, my mother gave me and my sister a big pomegranate. Pomegranate is not good-looking. It does not have the rosy and smooth appearance of apples, which makes people look envious. It does not have the enticing aroma of pineapples. It had only a rough layer of yellow skin, rustic in the soil, and a crack on top of it, like a smirk grinning. I can't figure out why there is a crack here. My mother told me that it was the place where the pomegranate bloomed. I opened the yellow skin of the pomegranate: ah! It is full of very beautiful seeds like crystal beads. They are squeezed tightly and full, and they look really good. The seeds are eaten in the mouth, sweet and sour, really tasteful! My sister and I like eating very much. My mother said to us: \"Don't you only see its seeds that look good and delicious, you can't see the rustic peel in the soil, hi, it's still a traditional Chinese medicine for diarrhea!\" Eating pomegranate, listening to mother's words, I Understand: Nothing can only look at its appearance. Although pomegranate is not beautiful in appearance, it is useful from the inside to the inside."}, {"nb": 1045, "data": "In the morning when the sun was in the fog, I just ran up and hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog is really big, and the thick fog in the sky makes the earth vague and a piece of dim. After a while, the eastern sun slowly rose. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, not dazzling at all. The fog rises slowly under the sun, and the rise gradually dissipates. The sun rises and rises slowly, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the blades of grass shines like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays of light, so that a few white clouds floating in mid-air become golden in a flash. After a while, it was dyed rose again. In the east, half of the sky is stained red. The scenery is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1046, "data": "The flower dog doctor asked the monkey laboratory technician to test the animal's blood. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all here. The monkey laboratory technician took their blood out and put it in a glass tube. The test results came out, but Dr. Huagou found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey laboratory technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey cried in a hurry. Flower dog said: \"Don't worry, the green is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the blue is the blood of the shrimp, the rose is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened, and wrote carefully on the glass tube The name, and said: \"In the future, I must be serious.\""}, {"nb": 1047, "data": "Cats are experts at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, and it can turn around, even if it is a very small voice, it can be recognized in time. A cat has bright eyes, and a sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The beard of a cat is like a ruler, which can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws, which can climb trees, jump walls, and hunt down mice."}, {"nb": 1048, "data": "The color of spring rain Spring rain, fall down! The sweet spring rain fell under the fragrant spring breeze-the soil was wet and oily and black; the blades of grass were wet and tender and green; the petals were wet and fiery and red ... what color is the spring rain? ? The soil particles say: it's black; the blades of grass say: it's green; the petals say: it's red ... Huh? What color is Spring Rain?"}, {"nb": 1049, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 1050, "data": "Dream Xiaocao loves dreaming, dreams are green and green; flowers love dreaming, dreams are red; sea loves dreaming, dreams are blue; Yun'er loves dreaming, dreams are white; children love dreaming, dreams are colorful ."}, {"nb": 1051, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 1052, "data": "In the past, a teacher taught a question to students: see who can buy a thing with not much money and can fill up the study. After school, all the students went to the fair. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study room with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took a candle from his sleeve, and lit it. The candlelight immediately lit up the whole room. Mr. met, and said happily, \"Okay! Okay! Han Yu is really smart!\""}, {"nb": 1053, "data": "My mark is very short, with small eyes, a small nose, and a small mouth concentrated on my face, but the pair of big ears are especially conspicuous. When I was a child, I was very naughty. Therefore, my ears often suffered like this: my father pulled the left ear, and my mother pulled the right ear, so as to punish me. Listening to my mother, when I fell to the ground, she noticed at a glance that I had a small ear on my right ear, and thought it was my mark, and thought it was hereditary. Anyone who has seen me at a glance says that I am very clever and must be very productive and blessed in the future. I asked them why, they said: \"Because you have a little ear longer than others.\" In fact, whether people will have a good future, whether they are blessed, has nothing to do with their ears, they must rely on their diligence and hard work, Did you say that?"}, {"nb": 1054, "data": "Animals in nature have a lot of special skills. People have studied them and they have created many inventions. People saw birds flying at high altitudes and invented airplanes. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. A dog's nose is very sensitive, but people make \"electric noses\". It is more sensitive than the dog's nose. It can check whether the underground gas pipe is leaking."}, {"nb": 1055, "data": "I know . White clouds are floating in the blue sky. There is a small river in the valley, and the water flows slowly. There is a green bamboo forest not far away, and there are fiery wildflowers beside the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here! What a beautiful scenery here! What is this place ? This is my lovely hometown."}, {"nb": 1056, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1057, "data": "Winter has passed, and spring came to me unconsciously. Spring is on the branches. The buds quietly drilled out and dressed the branches green. Spring is in the garden. The flowers are blooming, there are red, pink, and golden ... colorful, so beautiful! The most attractive thing is the pansies, like a group of flowers and butterflies spreading their wings, dancing. In the vast fields in spring, broad beans and rapeseeds planted by the farmer's uncle have worked hard to produce small white and golden flowers, exuding a burst of fragrance. Spring is here, the motherland is full of spring, I love the spring of the motherland."}, {"nb": 1058, "data": "Where is the wind? Where is the wind? Willow said, \"When I dance, it's the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? Xiao Cao said, \"When I gently shake it, it is the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? Huaer said: \"When I nodded frequently, it was the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? The wind is beside me. In spring, it blows green to the earth. In summer, it brings coolness. In autumn, it smells of fruit. In winter, it brings silver."}, {"nb": 1059, "data": "My little cousin, my little cousin, is less than a year old. She doesn't speak, she just cries loudly. Chubby face, big round eyes, very cute. She wore a small wooden fish on her wrist and made a crisp noise with every movement. Whenever he saw me, he always smiled. I teased her with a toy, but it treats the toy as delicious and sends it to my mouth. It is silly and really funny. When she was not happy, she pulled my hair hard with her hand, and she said babble in her mouth, but I do n\u2019t blame her because she is my little cousin ."}, {"nb": 1060, "data": "The spring of pomegranate is here, and the pomegranate is blooming. Its flowers are orange-red, its stamens are pale yellow, and there are some thin petals on its head. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers have bigger and bigger belly, and soon they will be as big as eggs. A few weeks later, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell. The pomegranates all cracked their mouths and smiled. How neat the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Autumn is here, the pomegranate is ripe, pick it down and try it, hey! It's sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down."}, {"nb": 1061, "data": "The scenery in the park is really beautiful. Today, the sun is shining brightly, and there are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. I and my mother and father rowed a boat in the lake of the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and the surroundings are full of colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. Birds sing tactful songs on the trees. A group of children are playing the game of eagles and chicks under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward bravely . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... The scenery in the park is so beautiful! Sitting in the bow of the boat, I couldn't help singing loudly. My father and mother sang softly with me while rowing: \"Today's weather is fine and sunny, with good scenery everywhere, good scenery ...\""}, {"nb": 1062, "data": "I went home and took off my shoes. My sister came home and took off her shoes. My brother and dad both took off their shoes when they came home. Big and small shoes are a family snuggling together, talking about a day's experience. Big and small shoes, like big and small boats, go back to the quiet harbor and enjoy the warmth of the home."}, {"nb": 1063, "data": "Look at the goose, the white goose is coming: Stretching his neck, flapping his wings, squawking, \"white,\" white, only a little yellow dotted on his head and claws, his body is fat and strong, and his long neck supports a small and exquisite head, The small eyes are slick, the flat mouth is always pecking and pecking, cute! I love the white goose, but I hate its domineering. He always relied on his own strength to make his chickens, ducks, dogs and cats at home obedient, but when he was slightly disobedient, he forced him by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats all became its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slave\" can only eat leftovers when its belly is round and its wings flapped away. Every time I saw this situation, I screamed at it angrily: \"You damn slave owner, now what time it is, see that I will not beat you to death.\""}, {"nb": 1064, "data": "A pair of little shoes and a rabbit found a pair of beautiful little shoes. Whose is it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Looking for the duckling, the duckling said, \"No, no, I have webbed feet on my feet and can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Looking for the birdie, the little bird said: \"No, no, my feet are pointed, can Grab the branch, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for the kitten, the kitten said:\" No, no, I have soft pads on my feet, there is no sound when walking, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for small The horse, the pony said: \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can walk a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the bunny saw a baby, light Running on the beach with your feet ... Bunny asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said: \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right Little Rabbit said: \"Thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1065, "data": "Happy Sunday Today is Sunday, the weather is very warm, my father and I decided to go to the park to play. There are so many people in the park! On the curvy path, there are grandpas singing tunes, big brothers running while listening to music, and a group of happy children on the green grass are catching butterflies! I quickly joined them. Have fun playing today!"}, {"nb": 1066, "data": "There is a small river in my hometown. The river flows slowly around the village, and there are many trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, which looks like a fiery morning glow from afar. After the stone bridge, it is a green farmland. Hometown is so beautiful! I love my hometown!"}, {"nb": 1067, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1068, "data": "Auntie found a small parasol for Dongdong. This little parasol is beautiful! A sky blue nylon umbrella with colorful balloons printed on it. Umbrella stands can shine to see people. The most beautiful thing is the umbrella handle. The umbrella handle is the hand of a little girl wearing an aviator hat. The little girl is smiling at people!"}, {"nb": 1069, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 1070, "data": "Girl and Mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a floral skirt, wearing a braid, facing the large mirror, and asked, \"What do I look like?\" On the willow tree outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Twitter, his face is like a flower! \"Xiaohua listened and smiled. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow interjected and said, \"Ah, my face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard it and cried. My mother saw it and said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, don't love to listen to the good words of magpies, and don't be afraid to listen to the bad words of crows. To know how you look, you should ask the mirror and ask it to tell you the truth.\""}, {"nb": 1071, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 1072, "data": "Father Sun had a cold in the winter morning. Father Sun had a cold. His face was so white and white, without any blood. After Sister Feng knew, she quickly ran to the animal radio and broadcast loudly: \"Sun Grandpa has a cold! Who has a cure for the cold? Please send it quickly-\" The first squirrel heard, he was very anxious and quickly took a red Leather hat sent. When the little black pig heard it, he remembered that he had a cold last time. His mother cooked ginger soup for him and cured the cold. So, he immediately cooked the ginger soup. The little fox also knew that he was busy with a long red scarf ... Sister Feng gave these gifts to Father Sun. Father Sun put on a hat, put on a scarf, drank ginger soup, sneezed heavily, and his face slowly turned red. \"Sun Father is sick! Sun Father is sick!\" The little squirrel, little black pig and little fox cried, jumped happily, and kept patting their little hands ..."}, {"nb": 1073, "data": "The proud tiger tiger and the little white rabbit will hold a race and let the little dog be the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way. Looking back to see that the little white rabbit had fallen off by himself, he said to the little white rabbit: \"Let me sleep afterwards and run with you!\" Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the puppy next to him shouted the tiger: \"Little white rabbit catches up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and said, \"It's okay, it can't catch up. I! \"So, it closed its eyes and fell asleep again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy shouted the tiger anxiously: \"Little white rabbit is coming to the end.\" At this time, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late. The little white rabbit crossed the end. The tiger lost the game, and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud!\" The tiger lowered his head in shame."}, {"nb": 1074, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel is a beautiful little animal. It has flexible limbs and agile movements, always jumping on branches, chasing and playing with each other. On the delicate little face, a pair of sparkling little eyes were embedded, turning cautiously. The grayish-brown hair on the body is as smooth as oil, and it feels delicate and soft to the touch. A big fluffy tail is always upturned, and it looks extra beautiful."}, {"nb": 1075, "data": "I have ten small fish made of wax. Some of these small wax fishes have white bodies and sky blue patterns; some have red bodies and yellow patterns; others have a piece of green on the whole body, which is really beautiful."}, {"nb": 1076, "data": "The leaves grow on the tree, and the branches use it as a fan. When it fell on the ground, the bug took it as a quilt. Floating in the river, the fish used it as an umbrella. Flying to the sky, the bird used it as a kite ... The leaves said \"Everyone likes me, I'm so happy.\""}, {"nb": 1077, "data": "In the spring fields, there are golden rapeseeds everywhere, clusters, clusters, ridges, piece by piece, like a piece of gold paved. When the spring breeze blew, there was a thick scent of cauliflower in the vegetable patch. Swarms of bees flew around the rape flowers and did not leave for a long time."}, {"nb": 1078, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 1079, "data": "There is a crooked creek in front of the clear stream's little rabbit's house. The stream is clear and bright, which can reflect the shadow of the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the stream in front of his door turned yellow. It was very strange, so he walked along the creek and wanted to see what happened. The rabbit walked along and saw the tall elephant and the fat wild boar. They were panting and exerting their strength to compete for a thick tree by the creek, who wanted to compare their strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as he ran, \"Hurry up and stop! You loosen the dirt, the dirt fell into the stream, and we have no clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed urgently, and all knew that he was wrong, so he worked together to plant the big tree back. Soon the stream cleared again, reflecting the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1080, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small tree is also sprouting. The little horse is here, stepping on the grass, and the little bear is coming, shaking the little tree. The little monkey came and removed the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends. Please go away.\" The little bird came, catching insects, the bees came, and spreading pollen. The children came and watered. Flowers, trees and trees said with a smile: \"We all like such friends, you stay.\""}, {"nb": 1081, "data": "The children in their hometown love their hometown. They drew their beautiful hometown with paintbrushes. Yangyang's hometown is by the sea, and the sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of the mountains is in the mountains, the mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. The plain hometown is on the plains, the plains he painted are so beautiful, golden rice, white cotton, and a large green vegetable field. The original hometown is the grassland. The grassland he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very high."}, {"nb": 1082, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 1083, "data": "Spring is here \"Spring is here!\" Swallows \"chirp\" and reports this good news to the people. Spring is really here, everything is just like waking up. The warm spring breeze blew gently, and the golden sunlight bathed the earth, shining warmly on people. The fields were covered with green clothes, and the river was gurgling ..."}, {"nb": 1084, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 1085, "data": "The rustling footsteps of the spring girl were close. The infinitely bright spring colors on the fields dress up the river even more enchanting. The grass on the shore somehow sneaked out of the soil secretly and danced lightly in the spring breeze. The grass looked like a green carpet in the sun. The children were sitting on it, lying down, and some were rolling. The little lamb jumped beside his mother \"bleep\". On both banks of the river, rows of weeping willows, with tender green shoots, cuckoos, magpies, jumping on the branches, singing a clear and graceful song, weeping willow branches stretched into the defrosting stream, as if to wash away the cold in winter. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled, and the green trees and green trees reflected in the water expanded and contracted, and gathered together, and scattered, like naughty fish swimming there."}, {"nb": 1086, "data": "At breakfast, the sun shone on the balcony, and my mother was drying the quilt for grandma. Xiaofeng asked her mother: \"Grandma's quilt is not wet at all. Why do you want to dry it?\" \"The quilt is dry, and the grandma's cover will be warmer,\" said the mother."}, {"nb": 1087, "data": "Whose tail is long? Whose tail is short? Whose tail looks like an umbrella? The monkey's tail is long. The rabbit's tail is short. The squirrel 's tail looks like an umbrella."}, {"nb": 1088, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 1089, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 1090, "data": "Five-star red flag, our national flag. The national anthem rises high. We stand upright and salute you."}, {"nb": 1091, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 1092, "data": "The beautiful red-crowned crane is coming soon. Groups of beautiful red-crowned cranes sing bright songs and fly from the south. The red-crowned crane has white feathers, but the neck and wings are black, and the top of its head is like a ruby \u200b\u200bembedded in it, bright red and red. No wonder people call it the red-crowned crane. The red-crowned crane is very cute. It has long legs, a long neck, and a long mouth. Red-crowned cranes appear elegant and graceful whether they sing or sing songs on the ground or spread their wings and fly in the sky. It is said that the red-crowned crane is a fairy's traveling companion, so people call it \"fairy crane\". The Nenjiang River Basin in Heilongjiang Province of my country is the first hometown of red-crowned cranes. There are many red-crowned cranes in the famous Zhalong Red-crowned Crane Nature Reserve!"}, {"nb": 1093, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang's mother is an ingenious person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a quiet summer night, Zhang Leping snuggled beside her mother and watched her embroider. Suddenly, he discovered that a candle oil shed from the candle, much like a mother's embroidered chick. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but what he caught was warm, soft sludge. According to the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with oil sludge. He dug a little red oil from the red candle and embedded it in the eyes of the white rabbit. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at his son's work and hugged him and said, \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinch is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art."}, {"nb": 1094, "data": "Mouse meeting! One day, the kitten wanted to build the house next to the mouse's house, and the kitten and the mouse became neighbors. Kittens are the enemies of mice. This can hardly damage mice. The mice hate and fear the little cats. Now they have become neighbors. The mice dare not go out all day. What can we do? Rat King thought and thought, and finally came up with a solution. So he called the mice together to hold a meeting to discuss how to deal with cats. Rat King suggested that everyone hang a bell around the cat's neck. In this way, as soon as the cat came out, the mice would know. But, who can hang this bell? Everyone wants to come and go. Finally, the rat king sent elves capable mice Mimi to complete this sacred task. It turned out that unfortunately, the mice were bitten to death by the cats. From then on, the mice became more afraid of the cats."}, {"nb": 1095, "data": "The little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the door of his good friend, the red squirrel. But one day, they quarreled, and the little brown bear would never fold a small paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear felt very sad. He still folded the paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat before the little brown bear, and let him float to the door of the little brown bear. They soon reconciled."}, {"nb": 1096, "data": "On the day of carrying the water, the mother didn't call, and the mother got up. She gently pushed open the door, and saw a figure in the hazy night, pouring the water into the water tank with difficulty carrying the bucket. The mother hurried over to take a look, it turned out to be her son Zhu De. The mother felt Zhu De's tender shoulders for a while and felt sad. \"Mother, don't worry, I can do it!\" As he said, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of the sensible child, the mother thought: \"It's really happy to be so considerate to elders and hard-working at such a young age!\""}, {"nb": 1097, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 1098, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 1099, "data": "Ants repaying in a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and died on the evening, a pigeon on the tree saw this scene. \"Good pity! Go help him!\" The pigeon hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed onto the leaves, and the leaves floated to the edge of the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the rescue of the pigeons!\" Ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed the pigeon on the tree with a gun, but the pigeon didn't know anything at all. At this time the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" When the hunter hurt, the bullet was distorted. So that the pigeon escaped, and the ants also repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace."}, {"nb": 1100, "data": "Suddenly, the workers stopped and placed the drain on the ground. A tall oak tree stood upright where this road should extend. It is so sturdy, strong, and upright, just like the sentinel in the grassland."}, {"nb": 1101, "data": "My family has a little white rabbit, which is very cute. The little white rabbit's fur is snow-white, and it looks like a bunch of glittering snowflakes in the bright sunlight. It has a pair of long ears erected on its head, as long as there is movement, it will oscillate non-stop. The most beautiful thing is its pair of big red eyes, which are really like rubies embedded in white jade. I like the little white rabbit very much and give it fresh grass every day."}, {"nb": 1102, "data": "In autumn, the trees are full of fruits. On the hillside, rows of persimmon trees are lined with persimmons like red lanterns. There is a wild fruit tree on the top of the mountain. These fruits are ripe, with red hawthorn; pea-sized tree heads red; and purple grapes. The most lovable thing is the golden lotus seed. You see its golden body is hidden in the green leaves. There are tiny thorns all over the body, which makes people afraid and like it. If you take a pill and remove the thorn, put it in your mouth to taste it."}, {"nb": 1103, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the straw hat river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat floated forward. The little turtle is happy to probe the brain: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. The duckling hurried over: \"I want, I want!\" But it took a lot of effort to hold the straw hat. They fought over their straw hats. Xianhefei said: \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. Whoever throws something back should give it back to him. It's not good to grab it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" With a straw hat flying away."}, {"nb": 1104, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 1105, "data": "The little monkey ate watermelon. The little monkey ran into the watermelon field. The first time he saw the watermelon, he felt very interesting. He would eat it when he picked the next watermelon. When a calf next to him saw him bring round watermelon to his mouth, he said to him: \"You probably won't eat watermelon? I'll teach you ...\" The monkey interrupted the calf impatiently and said: \"No need to teach you! No need to teach you!\" He said that he bit off a piece of watermelon peel, chewed and tasteless, and angrily threw the bitten watermelon on the ground and said: \"Not tasty! Not tasty!\" Maverick Tell him: \"Who told you to eat the skin? Eat watermelon, you should eat the stuffing inside!\""}, {"nb": 1106, "data": "The blue sun hangs in the red sun, and the green hills under the sun are especially beautiful. The stream is like a green streamer, singing a cheerful song; the golden Mai Lang is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1107, "data": "Opening up the earth It is said that a long time ago, the heaven and the earth were together. It was endless, and it looked like a big egg. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was born. One day, Pangu split the \"egg\" with his own axe. In this way, the light object rises into a high blue sky; the heavy one sinks into a vast earth. Pangu was afraid that the world and the world would join together, so he supported the world with his hands and feet. Slowly, the longer and higher the Pangu, the higher and higher the sky, and the thicker the ground. In the end, Pangu spent 18,000 years to complete the mission."}, {"nb": 1108, "data": "The scene on the beach is really wonderful. There are all kinds of shells everywhere, some are white, some are red, some are yellow, some are pink and blue ... colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are round and smooth on their backs; some are conical, with patterns winding down circle by circle; and others are like various small animals, which come to life."}, {"nb": 1109, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 1110, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1111, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 1112, "data": "The little polar bear likes to eat delicious seal meat. There are many seals on the shore of the Arctic Ocean, and they often lie on the sun to discuss. The little polar bear took advantage of it when he was not ready to catch it, caught a fat guy, and ate it beautifully."}, {"nb": 1113, "data": "One morning early in the morning, the swallows found that there were many small waterdrops on the green grass, which were very beautiful. Swallow invites its friends to see it soon. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! In the sunshine, the little drops of water are more beautiful!\" After a while, the beautiful little drops of water disappeared. Xiao Cao is very sad."}, {"nb": 1114, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 1115, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 1116, "data": "Hands and mouth for one day, hands and mouth talk together. The hand said: \"My skills are so great, I made many things in the world.\" The mouth rushed and said: \"I also have credit!\" The hand said with a laugh: \"What credit do you have? I don't Give you something, you do n\u2019t even have anything to eat. \u201dThe mouth said angrily:\u201c I eat, but also for everyone. If I do n\u2019t eat, can you still move? \u201dHearing, he was very angry. He no longer stutters anything, and does not ask him for his mouth. After a few days, I can't hold anything in my hand, what about my mouth? Can't move anymore."}, {"nb": 1117, "data": "Petite Cat Make friends Petite Cat goes to visit grandma. A small yellow dog lay under the big tree in the village entrance. The little flower cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog cried out \"Wang Wang\", pounced on the little flower cat, the little flower cat turned around in fright, ran, was tripped by the tree roots, and fell into the mouth and gnawed mud. The starling in the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach, and he scolded him angrily: \"Shut up your stinky mouth!\" Myna also returned to him with a polite expression: \"Shut up your stinky mouth! Straight from the tears: \"Grandma, the little yellow dog and myna are bullying me. The grandmother said sadly: \"My little one, just blame you for not respecting others too much.\" If you are polite to others, others will be friendly to you! \"The little cat listened to her grandmother and said friendly to the little yellow dog:\" I'm sorry! \" \"The little cat said to his starling,\" Hello, friend! \"Starling also said to the little cat:\" Hello, friend! \"The little cat said happily:\" Grandma, I understand. If you want others to be nice to you, you must be nice to others first! \" \""}, {"nb": 1118, "data": "Camels grow tall, and sheep grow short. The camel said, \"Height is better than short.\" The sheep shook his head and said, \"No, short is better than height.\" They kept arguing about it. The two of them walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted in it, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as he looked up. The sheep raised its front legs and chopped it against the wall. His neck stretched out and he could not eat it. The camel said, \"Look, this can be proved, taller than shorter.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to admit defeat. They walked a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door on the wall. The sheep walked into the garden in a big way to eat grass. The camel knelt down on her front legs, lowered her head and drilled into the door, but she couldn't get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this can be proved, short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head, and refused to admit defeat. They asked Lao Niu for comment, and Lao Niu said, \"Both of you only see your strengths, but not your own weaknesses. This is wrong."}, {"nb": 1119, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 1120, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. There is a crescent creek in front of the village, and there is a stone bridge on the river. The river flows slowly around the village, and a school of fish swims in the river. The clear river reflects the small bridge, green trees and Castle Peak. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms. From afar, they look like a green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay."}, {"nb": 1121, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 1122, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1123, "data": "The sun doll who loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she bulged her mouth round, blowing towards the cloud around her, blowing, blowing out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round head melon. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The Sun Doll ran in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus flower, blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... she became more and more happy, one I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew the white cloud into a beautiful white wave in the sea."}, {"nb": 1124, "data": "The spring rain was \"Xili, Xili, Xili ...\" There was light rain in the sky, the thin and dense rain filaments, like a bright silver thread, floating down from the sky. The flower lifted up the shallow wine glass, covered with the bright raindrops, and tasted it, sweet and fragrant. The willow girl woke up and took a light raindrop on her head. Feng'er combed the green wicker like a comb, ha, the willow girl's long hair, so beautiful. Xili, Xili, Xili ... what a wonderful spring rain!"}, {"nb": 1125, "data": "The sky here on the prairie is exceptionally blue, and the air is particularly fresh. The white flock walks leisurely on the green grass, just like the big white flowers embroidered on the green carpet. The shepherd rode a galloping horse, waved a sheep whip, and sang the beautiful pastoral song: \"White clouds float in the blue sky, and the horses run under the white clouds ...\" Ah, a vibrant scene on the beautiful prairie!"}, {"nb": 1126, "data": "Planting Trees On the day of the tree planting festival on March 12th, the sun was shining brightly and the spring breeze was blowing. As soon as the students led the teachers to the suburbs, they began to divide and plant trees. Several classmates in the distance, some were digging pits with a shovel, some were supporting saplings, some were filling the soil, and some were watering, and they were doing a great job. The nearby Xiaoming and Xiaohong were divided into a group. At first, Xiaoming was responsible for digging the pit. The digging was done, but the digging didn't move. Dig harder or not. Ah! It turned out to be a big rock. He moved the rock out and continued to dig. The pit was finally dug. Xiaohong gently inserted the small sapling into the tree pit and carefully supported it. Xiao Ming slowly filled the soil Go in. After filling the soil, it was time to water. The two of them brought a bucket full of water and poured it on the roots to let the young saplings drink enough. Xiaoming and Xiaohong seem to be saying: \"Small saplings, you grow up quickly, grow into towering trees early, and make beams for high-rise buildings.\" Little saplings also seem to say, \"You are really good kids who love labor.\""}, {"nb": 1127, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 1128, "data": "Spring is here and the water of the small river is flowing. The trees on the shore were green, the peach blossoms were blooming, and the young wheat in the distance began to turn green. In this spring season, the teacher led the students to plant trees in the wild. Under the leadership of the teacher, some of them dug pits, some lifted water, and some planted seedlings. Everyone was doing a great job."}, {"nb": 1129, "data": "In the spring of Guozigou, the Guozigou in Xinjiang is full of flowers. In addition to the colorful wildflowers on the hillside, there are also apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Bunches, clumps, patches, red and glamorous, blue and shining, white and gleaming, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there are fewer flowers and more fruits. Red, green, yellow, one by one, one after another, clusters, clusters, like stars, covered mountains and hills, not at a glance. Guozigou is really a good place with many flowers and many fruits."}, {"nb": 1130, "data": "Autumn park, autumn, the park is so beautiful! All kinds of chrysanthemums are blooming, some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are blue, they are so beautiful! The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance. The leaves of the sycamore tree turned yellow and fluttered down one by one like a beautiful butterfly flying in the air. The leaves of the maple tree are red. From a distance, like the fiery clouds, the pine and cypress trees are still so green, standing high up like the soldiers on guard in the wind and rain."}, {"nb": 1131, "data": "To the mouse, I like you-a pair of smart eyes, pink ears. Although I love to do bad things, I still like you. If I come to your kingdom, I must ask you to wash your face, wash your hands, take a bath, and brush your teeth. Also teach you to work by yourself and don't sneak in when doing things. I also want to introduce you a friend-its name is cat."}, {"nb": 1132, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 1133, "data": "Among the many animals, there are four kinds of animals that look like our humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees, and gibbons. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. Therefore, scientists call them apes."}, {"nb": 1134, "data": "How can I forget the summer of my childhood as a vegetable garden? The vegetable garden next to the lotus pond in the countryside-the green cucumber rack is covered with golden flowers, and the white flowers in the black oily potato field are dazzling; The small flower hangs on the eggplant tree, and the small sun-like tomatoes drag the green vine. Butterflies danced lightly in the vegetable garden. Cricket played strings for the accompaniment of the butterfly; learned to sing on the weeping willow beside the vegetable garden; frogs beat drums rhythmically under the lotus leaves; I carried the small basket in the vegetable garden Cutting the tender leek, the grasshopper jumped up and invited me to join in the party; there was a shout from my mother waiting for leek dumplings, and my little flower skirt flirted the butterfly out of the vegetable garden."}, {"nb": 1135, "data": "The moon sprouted, the moon sprouted, in the little black room where the stars were jumping. The moon has sprouted secretly. Can one fingernail cover grow overnight? Can you grow a little nail cover in a day? It grows long, grows long, will it be embarrassed to be seen? I know it needs to grow into a little girl, to be golden, to be bright, to have a little loneliness and pride. Grow into a moon flower!"}, {"nb": 1136, "data": "What is the light rain spot? What is the light rain spot? Musician. Rustle, it is the chorus in the woods. Dingdong Dingdong, it is playing the piano in the bucket. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, it's drizzle, blowing the trumpet on the house ... what is the drizzle? Painter. Falling in the water, it is a beautiful circle. When it fell on the ground, it drew small water flowers. When it falls on the wall, it draws small rivers ......"}, {"nb": 1137, "data": "Grandpa Dong 's gift must be hairy. Grandpa Dong brought the mischievous and cute little snowflake to the world. The sparkling little snowflakes are open all over the sky, and the white little flowers are floating! Little Snowflake puts a white coat on the spruce, the spruce is warm; Little Snowflake covers the wheat field with a snowy quilt, and the wheat seedlings are warm. The naughty north wind came with a whistle, wanting to blow down the snow coat, and wanting to run off the snow quilt. The north wind blew the snow coat, but a pleasant ring of bells rang. Hey, did little snowflake hang the bell on the spruce? Oh, no, no, it was a spruce snow coat with a layer of ice blossoms, and the wind blew, Ding Ling, Ding Ling ..."}, {"nb": 1138, "data": "It rained a little, the sky was overcast, the clouds were low, and the sun was hiding. The swallows swept over the treetops, the fish jumped out of the water, and the ants whispered, whispering: \"Let's light rain, it's going to rain! Quickly move! Quickly move!\" Soon, ticking, ticking ... The little rain fell! It fell on the ground like knocking a snare drum; it fell in the pond and made the pool water laugh with flowers. Looking up at the sky, the little raindrops were connected into a line of silver, which was skewed by the wind, like a drunk drunk, like dancing. After a while, wow, wow, wow ... the little raindrops will gather together, become a stream, and flow on the ground. She washed the stone steps, washed the playground, and the asphalt roads became smooth and shiny. We are not afraid of rain, bare head, bare feet, running after Yuhua. Some carried sandals, some wore raincoats, some waved sticks, like a bunch of little ducks ... In the rain, we went to school."}, {"nb": 1139, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 1140, "data": "This tower, with the blue sky above it, stepped on the earth with its feet, like a giant. At night, the lights on the tower are all lit, colorful, and very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1141, "data": "Place your home as grass and water, and water as tea, and place your home under the big tree. The elder brother builds the house, the younger brother grows crops, the older sister makes clothes, I go to feed the chickens and ducks, the younger sister is young, watching the rag doll."}, {"nb": 1142, "data": "Bees and butterflies in the morning, the weather is particularly clear, the little bees said goodbye to their mother, went to the garden to gather honey. The flowers in the garden were scented, and the little bee was so happy that he sang buzzing while collecting honey. A butterfly flew over and said, \"You are so ugly, little bee with bulging eyes. What else are you flying here? Go away!\" The little bee heard that and returned home sadly. My mother saw it and asked, \"Child, what's wrong with you?\" The little bee said what the butterfly said. Mother said earnestly: \"Child, you can't just look at your appearance, you have to see if you can help others \"\" The little bee nodded, and happily went to gather honey."}, {"nb": 1143, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 1144, "data": "The wonderful starry sky and the quiet night sky look very common, but as long as you observe carefully, you can discover many mysteries. I found that the stars are divided into groups. Some are like a reversed \"2\", some are like a pegasus, and some are like a violin. Recently, I have also met the \"Mom\" of \"Little Bear Constellation\"-\"Big Bear Constellation\". She is composed of seven stars, like a spoon, and there is a bright star on the handle of the spoon, which is Polaris. How wonderful is the starry sky."}, {"nb": 1145, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 1146, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 1147, "data": "Musical notes of spring When the wild flowers of the mountains are singing, and the crystal dewdrops just opened their eyes, the children found a group of amber pearl-like tadpoles in the pond by the village. They swim lively and happily, just like the little notes on the staff. Little tadpoles, are you playing spring music?"}, {"nb": 1148, "data": "In a green boat in spring, the willow tree bent over and used the pond as a mirror. The spring breeze blew gently, and the willow branches shook. Liu Ye'er is more like a bow, covered with willow branches. In autumn, the willow bent over and looked into the mirror against the pond. The bow was loosened, and each piece fell down like a small boat, spinning gently on the surface of the water, slowly swaying. Turn, turn, the boat sailed. Small boat, small boat, you can come back early, and tie the bow to the top of the willow tree again."}, {"nb": 1149, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 1150, "data": "The voice of spring sings \"Tick Tick\" in spring, spring wind plays the piano \"sand rustle\", spring thunder plays drums \"Boom\", spring applauds \"Wala\", held a spring concert, Chunsun is a conductor."}, {"nb": 1151, "data": "The wall was \"sweating\". This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the wall of my house was wet. A closer look showed that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these little waterdrops come from? Do the walls also sweat? I felt very strange, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"It's called the wall is still wet because the weather is sultry and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun lost its former power, and the sun was not so dazzling. However, there is no dark cloud in the sky, how could it rain? The weather continued for two or three days, and it rained. I finally understood: the wall \"sweating\", it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster!"}, {"nb": 1152, "data": "At this time, there are already many people on the beach, some of them catch crabs, some catch sea fish, some collect shells ... I feel in the sea, hey, I caught a little starfish ! Hey, a little friend over there, looking down at something with his head down. I walked over and wanted to see what happened. My little friend only kept his mouth and said nothing. It turned out to be a crab who was not willing to catch his hand and fled from east to west. Suddenly, the little friend \"oops\" cried out, it turned out that the crab caught his hand with a big claw. Huh, why are my feet tickling? Looking down, oh, it turned out that a prawn was teasing me! It wobbled two long beards, like a general on the stage. I gently reached out my hand, and with just a pinch, the general became a captive of me, and I couldn't get angry anymore."}, {"nb": 1153, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 1154, "data": "The wall was \"sweating\". This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the wall of my house was wet. A closer look showed that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these little waterdrops come from? Do the walls also sweat? I felt very strange, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"It's called the wall is still wet because the weather is sultry and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun lost its former power, and the sun was not so dazzling. However, there is no dark cloud in the sky, how could it rain? The weather continued for two or three days, and it rained. I finally understood: the wall \"sweating\", it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster!"}, {"nb": 1155, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 1156, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 1157, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 1158, "data": "Winter has passed, and spring came to me unconsciously. Spring is on the branches. The buds quietly drilled out and dressed the branches green. Spring is in the garden. The flowers are blooming, there are red, pink, and golden ... colorful, so beautiful! The most attractive thing is the pansies, like a group of flowers and butterflies spreading their wings, dancing. In the vast fields in spring, broad beans and rapeseeds planted by the farmer's uncle have worked hard to produce small white and golden flowers, exuding a burst of fragrance. Spring is here, the motherland is full of spring, I love the spring of the motherland."}, {"nb": 1159, "data": "Xiaoshanquan said, \"Wow, hare, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of my water storage is to make people use it and quench their thirst. If I am idle all day long and no one needs me, then it is unfortunate!\""}, {"nb": 1160, "data": "It was late autumn, the leaves gradually turned yellow, and a gust of autumn wind blew, and the yellow leaves fell slowly from the tree, just like many yellow butterflies flew down from the tree. I picked up a few fallen leaves and clamped them carefully in the book. I know this is the shadow left by Aunt Qiu."}, {"nb": 1161, "data": "Promise to the stars The stars have their small eyes open and hung on the black velvet, sparkling, do you look down from above to see if I am pure? The stars with their small eyes open, shining in the tranquil sky, you are in the high places, saying I am kind? The stars have their small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, open all night without sleeping, rosy dawn, why wipe you out? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dewdrops. You are shaking all the time, is it because of the cold? The little eyes of the stars, I assure you: you look at me, I will always be innocent."}, {"nb": 1162, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 1163, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 1164, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 1165, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 1166, "data": "Where is the spray home? Home is in the sea. When does the spray open? Please ask the wind. What color is the spray? Blossoming white as clouds. How much is the spray? Thousands and thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1167, "data": "Use Jiner silkworm baby, use Jiner on your mouth. Horses, use Jiner on the lap. Little bird, use Jiner on your wings. Kids, use Jin'er in learning."}, {"nb": 1168, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 1169, "data": "The mushroom is a lonely little pavilion. Only in rainy days does the frog come to hide from the rain. \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh with Father Sun laughed. The weather was clear, the frog was gone, and the pavilion was cold and clear."}, {"nb": 1170, "data": "Two years ago, my family \u2019s long tail brought back a little bird from the construction site, with a pair of bright, small eyes, towards me, squeaked, squeaked, as if to say, \"Sister, sister.\" This little Bird, my father called it a pulsatilla; its tail is very long, I gave it a name: \"Long tail\". I really like the \"long tail\" and feed it every day to eat millet and green vegetables. \"Long tail.\" I like cleaning very much. I bathe in a small water tank every day. Look, how interesting it looks like taking a bath! The small head stretched into the water tank, and then slammed backwards, and then combed the feathers with its beak, and its wings were still shaking. \"The long tail\" is the closest to me. Whenever I approach the bird cage, it will make a pleasant scream and open its wings to welcome me. \"Long tail\" has been in my house for two years, and white hair has been changed on the top of my head. It grew up with me."}, {"nb": 1171, "data": "One day, the rooster and the duck are more powerful than anyone. They run before running. The rooster ran with the fly and dragged the duck down a long way. The duck could not catch up with the swing of the duck. The cock said triumphantly to the duck: \"You can believe that my skills are greater!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swam fast and steady, the rooster covered with water, almost drowned. The duck also proudly said to the rooster: \"It's still my skill.\" No one will obey anyone."}, {"nb": 1172, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 1173, "data": "Qi Baishi is a famous painter in China. He cherishes time very much. He never wastes time. He has always used the phrase \"do not teach to spend a day\" to strictly demand himself. Once, Qi Baishi celebrated his 90th birthday. He was busy until very late before sending off the last group of guests. At this time he thought, today the task of drawing has not been completed yet, he should finish drawing before going to sleep, so he picked up the pen to draw. After repeated persuasion by his family, he went to rest. The next day, Qi Baishi got up early, and his family was afraid that he would be exhausted, so he persuaded him to take more rest, but he insisted on making up the five paintings of yesterday."}, {"nb": 1174, "data": "Place your home as grass and water, and water as tea, and place your home under the big tree. The elder brother builds the house, the younger brother grows crops, the older sister makes clothes, I go to feed the chickens and ducks, the younger sister is young, watching the rag doll."}, {"nb": 1175, "data": "The brave little spiny one autumn afternoon, the weather was clear, the animals were having a picnic, and they had just eaten half of them. Suddenly, the big bad wolf came and swaggered. It said viciously, \"Which of the many animals should I eat?\" \"The little animals were terrified when they saw them. They all flew away, and all ran away. Only little thorns left. The wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele. Lele said to himself: \"Don't be afraid!\" It bravely rushed up and shrunk into a mass of piercing the wolf with the thorns on his body. Ran away. The little animals came back, and they asked Lele: \"What if the big bad wolf came back?\" Lele said, \"I'm not afraid of it! I can use the thorns on my body to deal with it.\" The little animals admire the brave little thorns so much that they are thrown into the ground!"}, {"nb": 1176, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 1177, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 1178, "data": "In the past, several blind people touched an elephant. The man who touched the elephant's leg said: The elephant is like a pillar. The man who touched the elephant said: The elephant is like a wall. The man who touched the elephant's tail said: The elephant is like a snake. Everyone said they were right, and they were blushing."}, {"nb": 1179, "data": "The road in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, is low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When going uphill, I shouted loudly: \"Come on! Come on!\" When going downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind, I shouted: \"Cushing!\" Look, the car is driving far away, really like a boat Bounce in the waves. The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, one volt together ..."}, {"nb": 1180, "data": "The north wind blew blowing. It blew on the grass and the grass changed color. It blew at the plane tree, which had fallen leaves. It blew at the bird, and the bird hid in the nest."}, {"nb": 1181, "data": "The beautiful umbrella flowers are raining. Pedestrians on the street are all holding umbrellas. From afar, they look like beautiful flowers. Some are red, some are black, some are yellow, some are green, and some are transparent. The whole street looks like it is full of colorful flowers. These \"flowers\" have feet and walk around the street."}, {"nb": 1182, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 1183, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 1184, "data": "In spring, the flowers are all blooming. You see, the peach blossoms are red, the pear blossoms are white, and the spring flowers are yellow. The fields are colorful and really like a big garden!"}, {"nb": 1185, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1186, "data": "The mountains and rivers of the motherland are beautiful and rumbling. The train is like a horse, running happily on the field. The car window is like a camera, taking pictures of the event. One photo is the field. The fields are so big and so big that they are too big to be seen. The roads divide the green fields into pieces. A photo is of high mountains. The mountains are high and high, so high that they can't reach the top, mountains and mountains, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder. A picture is of green water. The water surface is so wide and wide that it is too wide to reach the shore. The fishing boats are scattered and the fishermen cast nets to fish. Rumble, Rumble. The train is like a horse, running happily in the field, the mountains and rivers can not be seen, and the motherland is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1187, "data": "The fox opens a shop. The fox opens a shop, selling vinegar and cloth. The piglet beats vinegar less vinegar, the rabbit pulls the cloth less cloth, the piglet rabbit seeks him to make up, the fox can't count the dead and alive. You said such a small shop, would you like to patronize again?"}, {"nb": 1188, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 1189, "data": "The flower dog doctor asked the monkey laboratory technician to test the animal's blood. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all here. The monkey laboratory technician took their blood out and put it in a glass tube. The test results came out, but Dr. Huagou found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey laboratory technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey cried in a hurry. Flower dog said: \"Don't worry, the green is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the blue is the blood of the shrimp, the rose is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened, and wrote carefully on the glass tube The name, and said: \"In the future, I must be serious.\""}, {"nb": 1190, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 1191, "data": "The blue sun hangs in the red sun, and the green hills under the sun are especially beautiful. The stream is like a green streamer, singing a cheerful song; the golden Mai Lang is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1192, "data": "The mountains and rivers of the motherland are beautiful and rumbling. The train is like a horse, running happily on the field. The car window is like a camera, taking pictures of the event. One photo is the field. The fields are so big and so big that they are too big to be seen. The roads divide the green fields into pieces. A photo is of high mountains. The mountains are high and high, so high that they can't reach the top, mountains and mountains, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder. A picture is of green water. The water surface is so wide and wide that it is too wide to reach the shore. The fishing boats are scattered and the fishermen cast nets to fish. Rumble, Rumble. The train is like a horse, running happily in the field, the mountains and rivers can not be seen, and the motherland is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1193, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 1194, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. When the sun kisses the leaves, the leaves turn green. When the sun kisses the grapes, the grapes turn purple. So, what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful."}, {"nb": 1195, "data": "In an instant, winter is here again, and the hedgehog is going to hibernate again. As soon as he closed the door, he heard someone knocking on the door. It turned out that the duck was watching it. The little duck said, \"Brother Hedgehog, in order to cure your arthritis, I will weave together the wool that I usually shed and sew you a soft duck down, so that you can sleep warmly throughout the winter.\""}, {"nb": 1196, "data": "Treasures forever when I was young, I didn't even know that there was Mother's Day. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for children to express their gratitude to their mothers, and thank them for giving birth, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to use red paper to cut a \"heart\" and write your name on it and give it to mom. That day, my mother happened to be back from abroad. My father and I went to the airport to meet her. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take the gift out; my father reminded me next to me that I gave my mother the heart. I said to my mother: \"Mother, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother hugged me and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in my eyes. Mother put the \"heart\" in her box and kept it until now. No matter where her mother is, this \"heart\" always accompanies her. I deeply feel: my little intention brings happiness to my mother and makes her treasure forever."}, {"nb": 1197, "data": "The little tadpole swims, and after a few days, its tail becomes shorter. They swam next to the lotus and saw a big frog squatting on the lotus leaf, dressed in green clothes, exposed with a white belly, and swollen with a pair of big eyes. The little tadpole swims past and calls: \"Mom, Mom!\" Mommy Frog looked down and smiled and said, \"Good boy, you have grown into a frog, so jump up!\" In a jump, he jumped on the lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 1198, "data": "Spring is here \"Spring is here!\" Swallows \"chirp\" and reports this good news to the people. Spring is really here, everything is just like waking up. The warm spring breeze blew gently, and the golden sunlight bathed the earth, shining warmly on people. The fields were covered with green clothes, and the river was gurgling ..."}, {"nb": 1199, "data": "On the night of the Lantern Festival, the streets are crowded with lights and lights. There are so many lanterns on the street! Rabbits ran on the ground, pigeons ran on the sky, and the most interesting was the dragon lantern. I saw a long dragon chasing up and down the orb, the scales of the whole body shone with gold, and the dragon's tail kept swinging. The children couldn't help shouting, \"Long is here!\" The singing, laughter, and gongs and drums sounded into a piece of the night sky. Happy people ushered in a spring."}, {"nb": 1200, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are blooming. The flower is blooming. How beautiful it is. People take pictures of it. The flower is blooming, so fragrant, and the bees are spinning around it. Huaer smiled, but Huaer was happy. The flower smiled, and a flower became proud. It can't look at the green leaves around it, and feels that the leaves are ordinary, and nobody looks at it, it's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, the flower fell hard from the tree and left the green leaves. The flower fluttered with the wind, and fluttered. It didn't take long for the flower to dry up, like a pile of waste paper, and was swept into the garbage dump by people. When the other flowers met, they would never dare to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard to produce all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers are able to bear fruit."}, {"nb": 1201, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 1202, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1203, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The soil in the ground became frozen and became loose, and it stepped on the soft ones, like stepping on a thick carpet. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. In the small river, even a piece of thin ice could not be found. The water is flowing slowly. The breeze blew, and the surface of the water was rippled like fish scales. Several ducks jumped into the water, swimming happily. On the river bank, willows germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed with the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and crawled slowly by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and quietly listened to the pupils reading and singing. It came to the playground and played games with the pupils happily."}, {"nb": 1204, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1205, "data": "Kingfisher (excerpt) Kingfisher likes to rest on the reeds by the water, and a pair of small red claws hold the reeds tightly. Its color is very bright. The feathers on the head resemble a turban in the shade of emerald, embroidered with emerald green patterns. The feathers on the back resemble a light green coat. The feathers on the abdomen are like auburn shirts. It is small and exquisite, with a pair of sharp and long mouths under its translucent and flexible eyes. Kingfisher's song was crisp, and love fluttered against the surface of the water. With a blink of an eye, it stopped gently on the stalk. It gazed motionlessly at the microwave-filled water, waiting for the small fish to swim to the surface."}, {"nb": 1206, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1207, "data": "Camels grow tall, and sheep grow short. The camel said, \"Height is better than short.\" The sheep shook his head and said, \"No, short is better than height.\" They kept arguing about it. The two of them walked to a yard. The garden was surrounded by walls, and many trees were planted in it, and the lush foliage protruded from the wall. The camel ate the leaves as soon as he looked up. The sheep raised its front legs and chopped it against the wall. His neck stretched out and he could not eat it. The camel said, \"Look, this can be proved, taller than shorter.\" The sheep shook his head and refused to admit defeat. They walked a few more steps and saw a narrow and short door on the wall. The sheep walked into the garden in a big way to eat grass. The camel knelt down on her front legs, lowered her head and drilled into the door, but she couldn't get in. The sheep said, \"Look, this can be proved, short is better than tall.\" The camel shook his head, and refused to admit defeat. They asked Lao Niu for comment, and Lao Niu said, \"Both of you only see your strengths, but not your own weaknesses. This is wrong."}, {"nb": 1208, "data": "The frog sits in the well. Little birds came and landed on the edge of the well. The frog asked the little bird, \"Where did you come from?\" The little bird replied, \"I came from the sky, I flew more than a hundred miles, and I was thirsty. I came down to find some water to drink.\" The frog said, \"Friend, don't talk big. , The sky is so big for imports, is it still so far to fly? \"The bird said:\" You made a mistake. The sky is so big! \"The frog smiled and said,\" Friend, I sit in the well every day, I looked up at the sky as soon as I looked up. I would n\u2019t be mistaken. \u201dThe bird also smiled and said,\u201c Friend, I ca n\u2019t be mistaken. Unbelief, you can jump out of the wellhead and take a look. \u201d"}, {"nb": 1209, "data": "Light rain, light rain, one drop, two drops, ticking ... ticking, jumping from the sky, jumping from the leaves, jumping from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, one drop, another drop, so cold, so sweet! No wonder the seeds drank and sprouted the leaves, and the flowers drank more vividly! Tick \u200b\u200b..."}, {"nb": 1210, "data": "Some of the mothers of the earth do not love the children of the mothers of the earth. They cut trees, fold flowers, and destroy the grass. Mother Earth lost her child, she was naked, basked by the sun, and blown by the cold wind. After some days, Mother Earth became ill, her skin cracked, she gradually lost her luster, and the world became gray. Mother Earth hopes that we can cherish her and restore her glory."}, {"nb": 1211, "data": "There are three little goldfish that are very beautiful. They think it is very boring to swim in the water every day. So, they decided to learn a little. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was bitten by a hermit crab and learned a lesson before it began to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"scavenger\" (a nickname for a fish) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so he decided to learn this line. At first it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long to get bored. It said, \"I can't stand the backache every day after cleaning the environment.\" In the end, I could only give up halfway. Article 3: The naughty little goldfish learns to swim with the swordfish. When the swordfish just talked about the essentials of learning to swim, it swam away impatiently, thinking to myself: I have learned these things long before, and there is nothing to learn. A month later, the blister-eyed little goldfish learned something, while the other two little goldfish could only swim around without success."}, {"nb": 1212, "data": "Ronaldinho Ronaldinho is a smart boy. He always thinks and thinks about everything he does. When painting, he thought while painting, how to paint like this. When writing, he remembered while thinking, what strokes were up, down, left, and right. After writing the essay, he likes to think quietly and always likes to use the words and sentences he has read to find ways to use it. Therefore, he is often praised by his teachers, and everyone praises his cleverness."}, {"nb": 1213, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 1214, "data": "There are hundreds of species of seabirds living on the sand islands in the South my country Sea. The largest number is the white bird. This white bird likes to eat fish the most. They look for fish on the sea in groups. They fly back to the island in the evening. The largest seabird is called the albatross. One of its wings is as long as two desks. It often spreads its wings and flies over the sea. It can fly for hundreds of miles before stopping."}, {"nb": 1215, "data": "Friends of animals are on the earth of children. People and animals are friends. The shark swims with the child on his back, and the child does not bully the puppy. The giraffe wiped the glass in the classroom, the panda fell, and I rubbed it. On the earth of He and Meimei, the bullets became firecrackers, and the shotguns were all rusted."}, {"nb": 1216, "data": "The Qingshuitang is really lively, the wind is blowing, Liu'er is shaking, the Qingshuitang is really lively. The frog knocked on the small leather drum, the duck blew his flat mouth, the white goose was wearing a little red hat, and he chirped in a minor. The little fish waved its tail, and grunted and spit bubbles."}, {"nb": 1217, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 1218, "data": "Spring is here. A piece of green and pink peach blossoms are on the grass. Snowy white rabbits are jumping around on the grass. The wild yellow goose nodded to us. Spring is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1219, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 1220, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 1221, "data": "After the rainbow rain passed, it was clear. A rainbow of colors was set up between rainy days. The frog said: \"Rainbow is a colorful bridge. Standing on it, you can see the most beautiful scenery.\" Haiyan said: \"Rainbow is a big hairpin. She puts it on the mother's head. She looks more beautiful.\" Butterfly said: The rainbow is a big garland, flying around, very happy in my heart. \""}, {"nb": 1222, "data": "There is such a little bear on a small desert island. The bear feels lonely and sleeps every day dreaming of playing with many friends. When the bear saw a cloud floating in the sky, he quickly asked, \"Cloud, cloud, how can I find a friend?\" Yuner didn't speak, and floated to a tree. The little bear understood that he planted and planted many small saplings on the island. In one or two years, the young saplings grew up, the mountains and the wild, and the green leaves became overcast. A little bird flew: \"Ah, it's so nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds flew, and all lived here. In the distance, the little deer, the little elephant, the little monkey, all came in a row boat: \"Ah, it's nice here! Let's live here!\" The little bear was very happy and kept saying: \"Welcome you !welcome!\""}, {"nb": 1223, "data": "Because of the rain, the grass is greener; because of the sunlight, the flowers are redder; because of the white clouds, the sky is bluer; because of the autumn wind, the earth turns yellow."}, {"nb": 1224, "data": "In the spring of the four seasons, there are many east winds, and swallows are blown to make new nests. In summer, there are many southerly winds blowing the sun like a fire. In autumn, westerly winds blow, and ripe crops blow ripe fruits. In winter, there are many northerly winds, and snowflakes are blowing."}, {"nb": 1225, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 1226, "data": "A spider is weaving the web. It had just been woven a few times, and a strong wind blew it, breaking the silk. The spider woven it again, just halfway through it, and a raindrop hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry, and weaved again, but a burst of hail smashed the web again. The spider is not discouraged, but weaves again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving \u2014 a large, strong web. The spider sat happily in the middle of the web, catching the flying insects."}, {"nb": 1227, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 1228, "data": "The father-in-law smirked, and the little animals got up early. Ducks swim in the water, chicks run on the ground, swings on monkey trees, jump in the squirrel forest, peacocks spread their big tails, and take photos against the lake."}, {"nb": 1229, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 1230, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 1231, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1232, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 1233, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hill, the hill holds beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field presents the green grass; touch the river, the river chants the song of the mountain ... The magic hand of spring breeze, Also help children take off the thick cotton jacket, let them laugh and run on the spring ground ..."}, {"nb": 1234, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1235, "data": "The marvelous eye astronomical telescope is the \"eye\" of an astronomer, and it can be used to see distant stars; the microscope is the doctor's \"eye\", and it can be used to see very small bacteria; the periscope is the navy's \"eye.\" Monitor enemies at sea."}, {"nb": 1236, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1237, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 1238, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 1239, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 1240, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky revealed the white color of the fish belly. Gradually, the white of the fish belly turned pale red, as if the redness appeared on people's faces after drinking a bit of wine. Then it slowly changed from light red to deep red, and then from deep red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like golden apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and sapphires, pearls, colored jade for a while ... it was truly magnificent and unpredictable."}, {"nb": 1241, "data": "Animals in nature have a lot of special skills. People have studied them and they have created many inventions. People saw birds flying at high altitudes and invented airplanes. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. A dog's nose is very sensitive, but people make \"electric noses\". It is more sensitive than the dog's nose. It can check whether the underground gas pipe is leaking."}, {"nb": 1242, "data": "The Olympic flag has a white background and five circles in the center are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green in turn. The connection of the five rings symbolizes that the people of the world hold hands and connect their hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger."}, {"nb": 1243, "data": "Little Turtledove is very lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked Pulsatilla: \"Grandpa Pulsatilla, who can make friends with me?\" Pulsatilla said: \"You can go to make friends with magpie, he is enthusiastic and kind!\" Little Turtle said shamefully: \"I took over his Nest, he will not be good to me. \"Pulsatilla said:\" You can go to make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive me Mine. \"Pulsatilla thought for a while, and then said:\" So, you try to find a little sparrow, he is naive and lively! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, He pecked him with blood, \"Baitou Weng sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others, who wants to be your friend? \""}, {"nb": 1244, "data": "It rained a little, the sky was overcast, the clouds were low, and the sun was hiding. The swallows swept over the treetops, the fish jumped out of the water, and the ants whispered, whispering: \"Let's light rain, it's going to rain! Quickly move! Quickly move!\" Soon, ticking, ticking ... The little rain fell! It fell on the ground like knocking a snare drum; it fell in the pond and made the pool water laugh with flowers. Looking up at the sky, the little raindrops were connected into a line of silver, which was skewed by the wind, like a drunk drunk, like dancing. After a while, wow, wow, wow ... the little raindrops will gather together, become a stream, and flow on the ground. She washed the stone steps, washed the playground, and the asphalt roads became smooth and shiny. We are not afraid of rain, bare head, bare feet, running after Yuhua. Some carried sandals, some wore raincoats, some waved sticks, like a bunch of little ducks ... In the rain, we went to school."}, {"nb": 1245, "data": "When Kong Rong was a child, his family often bought pears. The pears were fragrant and sweet. Everyone was battling to get big food. But Kong Rong takes the smallest one every time. The father asked him why he wanted the younger one. He replied: \"Because I am younger, of course I should take the younger one and leave it to my elder brother to eat well.\" The father listened and praised him for being polite when he was young."}, {"nb": 1246, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 1247, "data": "The beautiful girl of Spring Girl is here. The girl wears a wreath made of colorful flowers on her head and wears a green and transparent skirt on her body. The tender green grass said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"You made my skirt with green.\" The blooming flowers said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Yes You made my crown of flowers with petals. \"The willow tree by the river said:\" Spring girl, you are so beautiful! \"Spring girl said:\" You used the soft branches to decorate my tress. \"The flying butterfly said: \"Miss Spring, you are so beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Without your beauty, how can there be my beauty? My beauty belongs to everyone.\""}, {"nb": 1248, "data": "To the mouse, I like you-a pair of smart eyes, pink ears. Although I love to do bad things, I still like you. If I come to your kingdom, I must ask you to wash your face, wash your hands, take a bath, and brush your teeth. Also teach you to work by yourself and don't sneak in when doing things. I also want to introduce you a friend-its name is cat."}, {"nb": 1249, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 1250, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 1251, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang's mother is an ingenious person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a quiet summer night, Zhang Leping snuggled beside her mother and watched her embroider. Suddenly, he discovered that a candle oil shed from the candle, much like a mother's embroidered chick. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but what he caught was warm, soft sludge. According to the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with oil sludge. He dug a little red oil from the red candle and embedded it in the eyes of the white rabbit. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at his son's work and hugged him and said, \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinch is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art."}, {"nb": 1252, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 1253, "data": "When the sky was about to get dark, the rooster met an owl, and there was an argument between them. The rooster said: \"As soon as the shiny round thing in the sky came out, the weather was much warmer!\" The owl said: \"Who said? As soon as the shiny round thing came out, I felt cold all over my body!\" Said the rooster: \"Warm warm!\" The owl said loudly, \"cold!\" They argued for a long time, and there was no result."}, {"nb": 1254, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 1255, "data": "When I was a kid blowing bubbles, I played many games. Among them, the one I love playing most is blowing soap bubbles. In the rainy season, we can't go to the beach on the mountain to play, our mother taught us to blow soap bubbles on the porch. She said that in rainy and rainy days, the weather is humid and the soap bubbles are not easy to break. We put the leftover soap head in a small wooden bowl, add a little water, and mix it and make it melt. Then use a thin bamboo tube, dipped in the thick soapy water, and slowly blow up, blowing into a light and round bubble. Gently mentioned again, the light round ball fell from the bamboo tube and floated slowly in the air. If you fan gently underneath, they can sometimes fly very high. This soap bubble is very beautiful, with five colors of floating light, twirling on the clear and transparent sphere. If the fan is well fanned, a big ball will split into two or three small balls, and they will be scattered. Sometimes the blow is too big, and the fan is too anxious. The fragile ball will be long and round, trembling, and the light and shadow will be chaotic. At this moment, everyone hung their heads, held their heads up, and held their breath\u2014soon, the multi-colored thin ball broke apart silently, and turned into soapy water, and the water droplets spilled into our eyes. Everyone hurriedly lowered their heads, rubbed their eyes, and rubbed tears. The balls were blown out carefully and carefully by ourselves. They flew gently, so round, so free, so transparent, so beautiful. By the breeze of the fans, they flew into the sky one by one, gently next to the moon, crossed the Tianhe, and followed the sunset west. Or floating gently across the sea, flying over the top of the mountain ... Watching them, our hearts are full of happiness, pride and hope."}, {"nb": 1256, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 1257, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 1258, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hill, the hill holds beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field presents the green grass; touch the river, the river chants the song of the mountain ... The magic hand of spring breeze, Also help children take off the thick cotton jacket, let them laugh and run on the spring ground ..."}, {"nb": 1259, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1260, "data": "In the winter morning, two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle flew, and the little white rabbit shouted, \"Hurry up! The little grey rabbit said,\" Where is there a hole? \"The little white rabbit said,\" Hurry up and hide in the rock pile! After talking, the little white rabbit ran into the snow under the mountain. The eagle flew, went around in the sky a few times, and found nothing, and flew away."}, {"nb": 1261, "data": "There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda. The giant panda is five fat and has a short tail and smooth hair. The limbs and shoulders are black, and the body and head are white. The most interesting is a pair of round dark circles, a pair of furry black ears. The giant panda was very lively when he was a child, and he liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. When he was asleep, you tease it, it opened its eyes to see you, and fell asleep again. When he wakes up, he swings his fat body and walks around to find something to eat. He loves to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. The pandas are few in number and only produced in China. He is a very precious animal and a national treasure of our country."}, {"nb": 1262, "data": "On the day of the sturdy stick, my father called the three children to his own and said, \"You can fold this stick!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately snapped, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied up the three sticks and gave it to the eldest son. \"Let's watch!\" The eldest son exhausted his strength, just folding the bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, and the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Children, you see, a stick is very fragile, but if you tie the three together, it will become stronger. That is to say, as long as you work together, there is nothing that cannot be done.\""}, {"nb": 1263, "data": "The joyful song Langya sings the joyful song, bringing snow-white shells and green shrimp to people. Birds sing joyful songs, bringing beautiful spring and gorgeous flowers to people. The fallen leaves sing joyful songs, bringing people the fruits of harvest and happy dimples. Snowflake sings joyful songs, bringing people a silver world and beautiful wishes."}, {"nb": 1264, "data": "It was windy. I asked my mother: \"What does the wind look like?\" Mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know. What do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"The wind is like a hairdresser. When happy, I comb my hair neatly. .When I am angry, I blow my hair in a mess. \"My mother heard it, and praised again and again:\" Not bad, not bad! Your imagination is really rich. \""}, {"nb": 1265, "data": "Forest, hello one tree, two trees, many trees. Holding hands, side by side, a green ocean. Hello, green big forest! Hello, green big forest! The little bird said, \"The forest stretches out the green umbrella, this is my home.\" The little deer said, \"The tent is set up in the forest. This is my home.\" Hello, green big forest! The sand said that the forest is a wall, let us obey and not run around. The rain said, the forest is a reservoir, let me stay!"}, {"nb": 1266, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 1267, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 1268, "data": "Xiaohe Healing Xiaohe loves cleanliness, and everyone likes it very much. One day, the little rabbit saw that Xiaohe's body was dirty, and the river became turbid. The river's body was covered with speckled spots of unknown origin, and flies and mosquitoes \"buzzed\" and fluttered. Little Rabbit asked strangely, \"Xiaohe, what's the matter with you?\" Xiaohe was so uncomfortable that he couldn't say a word. \"Could Xiaohe be sick?\" Thought Rabbit, thinking of the forest pecker as soon as possible! The woodpecker came and looked at it carefully: \"Your friends have stained the river, and find them for treatment.\" Governance! \"The little rabbit heard, and quickly found the lamb, puppy, and piglet. Everyone looked blushed at first glance, and quickly said sorry to Xiao He. It turned out that they poured the dirty things into the stream, how could the stream not get sick?"}, {"nb": 1269, "data": "The lovely autumn doll, the autumn doll is waving with colored pens. It draws naughtily and the earth changes its color magically. One by one the leaves were yellow and the fruits were ripe. A piece of rice is golden, and the colorful autumn chrysanthemums make me laugh. Qiuhua, stay here for a while, okay? I want to keep these wonderful scenes forever. But it was too late because Sister Dong was coming soon. So, goodbye, Qiuhua, let's meet again next year!"}, {"nb": 1270, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1271, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 1272, "data": "A beauty contest is being held in the beauty contest forest. Miss Duck quickly put on a pair of small red leather shoes and ran to \"Plop\". She fell down. At this moment, the little frog was coated with a layer of white powder, Miss Crow was dressed with colorful peacock feathers, and Miss Cat was wearing a pink dress and took to the stage. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the stage with bare feet. In the end, Miss Duck won the first place."}, {"nb": 1273, "data": "Tintin is a little painter, he has a lot of colored pencils. Draw a crab with four legs and a duck with a pointed mouth. Draw a little rabbit with round ears, and draw a big horse without a tail. Hahaha, hahaha, really a careless little painter."}, {"nb": 1274, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1275, "data": "It was windy. I asked my mother: \"What does the wind look like?\" Mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know. What do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"The wind is like a hairdresser. When happy, I comb my hair neatly. .When I am angry, I blow my hair in a mess. \"My mother heard it, and praised again and again:\" Not bad, not bad! Your imagination is really rich. \""}, {"nb": 1276, "data": "What a beautiful butterfly! It is like a leaf, dancing in the wind and falling slowly. There are stripes on their wings, some of them are goose yellow, some are orange, some are dark green, and there are colors that can't be said!"}, {"nb": 1277, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 1278, "data": "A pair of shoes, like a big boat and a small boat. Look at my home, dad's big ship, mom's little sailboat, my little speedboat, the colors are so beautiful! It was dawn, the boat was all out to sea, and it was late, and the boat returned to the harbor."}, {"nb": 1279, "data": "The proud tiger tiger and the little white rabbit will hold a race and let the little dog be the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way. Looking back to see that the little white rabbit had fallen off by himself, he said to the little white rabbit: \"Let me sleep afterwards and run with you!\" Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the puppy next to him shouted the tiger: \"Little white rabbit catches up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and said, \"It's okay, it can't catch up. I! \"So, it closed its eyes and fell asleep again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy shouted the tiger anxiously: \"Little white rabbit is coming to the end.\" At this time, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late. The little white rabbit crossed the end. The tiger lost the game, and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud!\" The tiger lowered his head in shame."}, {"nb": 1280, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white face sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, grabbed a handful of snow on the ground, and stared at it for a long time. \"No, it's not white flour!\" Another girl said: \"It's cotton, my grandfather said.\" \"It's Baiyun girl who is afraid of frost-breaking wheat seedlings. She sent thick quilts to the wheat field.\" \"A round-faced child waved his hands again and again,\" My mother said, snowflakes are the petals that Sister Chun sown from the sky, the petals fall, and spring is coming! \""}, {"nb": 1281, "data": "The beautiful girl of Spring Girl is here. The girl wears a wreath made of colorful flowers on her head and wears a green and transparent skirt on her body. The tender green grass said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"You made my skirt with green.\" The blooming flowers said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Yes You made my crown of flowers with petals. \"The willow tree by the river said:\" Spring girl, you are so beautiful! \"Spring girl said:\" You used the soft branches to decorate my tress. \"The flying butterfly said: \"Miss Spring, you are so beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Without your beauty, how can there be my beauty? My beauty belongs to everyone.\""}, {"nb": 1282, "data": "My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. Full of pink peach, snowy pear flower. At the foot of the mountain there is a beautiful new house, that is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The river is clear and clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly-built mountain road bends and stretches into the distance. I love my little mountain village, I love my hometown."}, {"nb": 1283, "data": "There is a pomegranate tree in the yard. There are many pomegranates hanging on the tree. Mother said, \"Pomegranate can be eaten as soon as it smiles.\" When does pomegranate smile? Kang Kang sang to it, it didn't laugh. Kang Kang danced it, he didn't laugh. Kang Kang told him a joke, but he didn't laugh either. Autumn has come . The pomegranate on the tree slowly showed rows of teeth and smiled. Kang Kang looked at the pomegranate and smiled."}, {"nb": 1284, "data": "Mother is a mountain, tall and steady. Mountain, beauty, tenderness. Mother is a mountain. My mother is a mountain, and I am a tree. The mountain nurtures the tree. My mother loves me very much, love deeply, love really. She was like a mountain, and she did not hesitate to use the trickle of her life to nourish me who is thirsty-a small tree that made me grow leafy. My mother is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares about the tree. Mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, give me comfort, give me hope, give me strength, let me change from cowardice to strong, from childish to mature."}, {"nb": 1285, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 1286, "data": "Autumn park, autumn, the park is so beautiful! All kinds of chrysanthemums are blooming, some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are blue, they are so beautiful! The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance. The leaves of the sycamore tree turned yellow and fluttered down one by one like a beautiful butterfly flying in the air. The leaves of the maple tree are red. From a distance, like the fiery clouds, the pine and cypress trees are still so green, standing high up like the soldiers on guard in the wind and rain."}, {"nb": 1287, "data": "There is an old and tall jujube tree in my yard. In spring, jujube trees are covered with pale yellow jujube flowers. In summer, the flowers fall, and the jujube trees are covered with small green dates. In autumn, the little green dates slowly turned red, becoming very big and big dates. At this time, the trees seemed to be covered with small round lanterns. My children and I stood under the tree, looking up at the red dates, so happy! At the end of autumn and early winter, we ate red and sweet jujubes, and we were very grateful to those who planted jujube trees."}, {"nb": 1288, "data": "The wall was \"sweating\". This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the wall of my house was wet. A closer look showed that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these little waterdrops come from? Do the walls also sweat? I felt very strange, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"It's called the wall is still wet because the weather is sultry and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun lost its former power, and the sun was not so dazzling. However, there is no dark cloud in the sky, how could it rain? The weather continued for two or three days, and it rained. I finally understood: the wall \"sweating\", it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster!"}, {"nb": 1289, "data": "When I took a pen and wrote \"River\" in my little exercise book, a splash of water splashed in front of my eyes, and a palace rose from the bottom of the water. When my pen wrote \"grassland\", I saw the bees busy among the flowers, and two butterflies were twirling, and I could put them all in the net with a wave of my hand."}, {"nb": 1290, "data": "The spring water dripped little by little on a big rock. The stone said to the spring: \"You are weak, don't touch me!\" The spring said: \"Are you saying that I am weak? I still want to make a hole in you!\" The stone said with a smile: \"You really have Such a great skill? Then come and hit it. \"The spring said:\" Okay! You look at it! \"It dripped little by little, year after year, and after many years, it really hit the stone. A hole."}, {"nb": 1291, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 1292, "data": "The joyful song Langya sings the joyful song, bringing snow-white shells and green shrimp to people. Birds sing joyful songs, bringing beautiful spring and gorgeous flowers to people. The fallen leaves sing joyful songs, bringing people the fruits of harvest and happy dimples. Snowflake sings joyful songs, bringing people a silver world and beautiful wishes."}, {"nb": 1293, "data": "Where is the wind? Where is the wind? Willow said, \"When I dance, it's the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? Xiao Cao said, \"When I gently shake it, it is the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? Huaer said: \"When I nodded frequently, it was the wind blowing.\" Where is the wind? The wind is beside me. In spring, it blows green to the earth. In summer, it brings coolness. In autumn, it smells of fruit. In winter, it brings silver."}, {"nb": 1294, "data": "The song written to my dad is a strong man, can stand me on my shoulder, I can see higher and farther, can hold me ram hammer upside down, it is fun to touch my head on the sofa, can hold me in my hand I am sitting on the sofa, I can pull out the \"radish\" many times, my neck is tired but I feel very irritated. My dad is a big housekeeper. I take care of it every day, and do n\u2019t let me take dirty insects home, eat me without washing my hands, keep me from watching TV every day, keep me from doing homework too close, he let I play outside with children more often, he told me to do things with my chest up, he told me to learn mathematics well, he told me to watch on both sides of the road. Dad is a hilarious pie. He ate down the window and went downstairs after dinner every day and said, \"Oh, hello! I have eaten!\" He wanted to deceive mom and me like this. Step, twisting his butt and twisting his legs, he wanted to make me and my mother laugh like this, he opened the balcony window and laughed and cried when he came back after drinking too much, and he clapped his hands \"papa\", my mom and I called him \" \"Alcohol Madman\". Dad's work is very hard, I want to be filial to him."}, {"nb": 1295, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky revealed the white color of the fish belly. Gradually, the white of the fish belly turned pale red, as if the redness appeared on people's faces after drinking a bit of wine. Then it slowly changed from light red to deep red, and then from deep red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like golden apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and sapphires, pearls, colored jade for a while ... it was truly magnificent and unpredictable."}, {"nb": 1296, "data": "Draw and draw the puppy running in the snow, and the footprints of the puppy are left on the snow. The puppy said to the chick: \"Look, look, I will paint plum blossoms.\" The chick ran in the snow, and the footprints of the chick were left on the snow. The chick said to the puppy: \"Look, look, I can paint bamboo leaves.\""}, {"nb": 1297, "data": "Multi-functional bridge I am a bridge engineer. I designed a multi-functional bridge. It can move, it will lengthen and shorten, it will rise and fall. When there is heavy water, I can build this bridge on the water at any time. If the river rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge. If the river recedes, I will lower the bridge, shorten it, and transport it back to the warehouse."}, {"nb": 1298, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 1299, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 1300, "data": "Red butterflies and yellow birds fly in the air and dance in the air. It's not a butterfly, it's not a bird, it's red leaf dance, yellow leaves are floating, like a telegram sent by Qiu Niang, telling us that autumn has come."}, {"nb": 1301, "data": "When it rains, the little white rabbit gathers mushrooms on the grass and has a good time. Suddenly, the wind blew and the rain started. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and placed it on the head as an umbrella, but the rain would not rain. Suddenly, it saw a chick drenched. \"Chicks, come under the leaves!\" So the chicks and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing again in the rain. \"Little cats, come under the leaves!\" So the three of them hid under the big leaves. The rain stopped, and they played happily together."}, {"nb": 1302, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1303, "data": "The stream flows gently, the grassland is green, the birds fly, the insects jump, the deer runs, the fish swims ... We love nature, and people and animals are friends."}, {"nb": 1304, "data": "Sun Moon Lake is a beautiful big lake in the middle of Taiwan Province of China. There is an island in the Sun Moon Lake that divides the lake into two halves. One side of the pool is like a round sun, called \"Sun Lake\"; the other side is like a crooked moon, called \"Moon Lake.\" The two lakes and lakes are connected, like a green jade plate. The island is like a pearl in a jade plate. The Sun Moon Lake is surrounded by mountains, and the mountains are densely wooded. The water at Sun Moon Lake is deep. The mountains and forests are reflected in the lake, the lakes and mountains are beautiful, and they are very beautiful. I love the beautiful Sun Moon Lake, and I love the island of Taiwan in the motherland."}, {"nb": 1305, "data": "When the sky was about to get dark, the rooster met an owl, and there was an argument between them. The rooster said: \"As soon as the shiny round thing in the sky came out, the weather was much warmer!\" The owl said: \"Who said? As soon as the shiny round thing came out, I felt cold all over my body!\" Said the rooster: \"Warm warm!\" The owl said loudly, \"cold!\" They argued for a long time, and there was no result."}, {"nb": 1306, "data": "George and his little axe George got a little axe, and it was tickling in his heart. He wanted to try the axe sharp or not. He ran into the garden and saw a tree. Without thinking, he raised a small axe and cut down the tree. After a while, Dad came back. \"Who cut my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily, \"If I knew who did it, I would ...\" George lowered his head and said: \"Dad, I want to try my little ax \"\" Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He hugged George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I'd rather lose twelve cherry trees than you would tell a lie.\""}, {"nb": 1307, "data": "On the night of the Lantern Festival, the streets are crowded with lights and lights. There are so many lanterns on the street! Rabbits ran on the ground, pigeons ran on the sky, and the most interesting was the dragon lantern. I saw a long dragon chasing up and down the orb, the scales of the whole body shone with gold, and the dragon's tail kept swinging. The children couldn't help shouting, \"Long is here!\" The singing, laughter, and gongs and drums sounded into a piece of the night sky. Happy people ushered in a spring."}, {"nb": 1308, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. When the sun kisses the leaves, the leaves turn green. When the sun kisses the grapes, the grapes turn purple. So, what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful."}, {"nb": 1309, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1310, "data": "The baby especially likes to look at the window, because the window always changes color. When the window becomes blue, mother said, it is the blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, my mother said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, my mother said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and covered with small silver stones, my mother said, it was night."}, {"nb": 1311, "data": "My puppy must write about our puppy first. It is called \"Prince\". It is the most flowery and most beautiful dog in our village. It is like a naughty boy. It runs especially fast, and I can't keep up with it. But the \"prince\" is very good, it is always waiting for me. The \"prince\" would laugh, but I never saw it cry. I taught it to recognize words, but it did n\u2019t even learn a single letter, but it did love class. When I taught it to read the word \"dog\", it called the most joyful. It must be thinking, this is who it is! The \"prince\" will still count, but in total he will count to two. It also specializes in humming and barking. \"What are you doing?\" I asked it as it hummed in front of me. \"Prince\" \"Wang\"! With a cry, shook his head and said he wanted to go out. \"What else do I want to do now\" When we walked out of the yard, I then asked it. \"The prince\" cried again and ran towards the railway. \"You should finish talking once!\" I was running anxiously while following it, because I wanted to go there too. I even know what the \"prince\" wants to do there. It likes to run with the train. Every time it loses, it never cares. Whenever a new train comes, the \"prince\" thinks he can beat it. When it stopped running, it barked a few times. I don't know if it allowed the train to go, or I scolded the train for a meal. I can't tell the difference."}, {"nb": 1312, "data": "There is a little flower cat in my family. It is covered with long hairs, black and white are really beautiful. It has a pair of round eyes, like a glass ball, it will glow green at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. As long as there is a little sound, the ears will stand up. It also has a furry tail, and when happy, it swings from side to side, like a flower stick. The little cat's nose has a very sensitive sense of smell, and Lao Yuan has a fishy smell, and it can also smell. There are five small meat pads on its feet. They are soft like quilts. They walk quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute."}, {"nb": 1313, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 1314, "data": "My little window, my little window, seems to be a picture frame, spring and summer to autumn and winter, four seasons pattern. Peach blossoms in spring, yellow wheat in summer, wild geese flying south in autumn, heavy snow in winter in winter, and good scenery all year round."}, {"nb": 1315, "data": "The blue sun hangs in the red sun, and the green hills under the sun are especially beautiful. The stream is like a green streamer, singing a cheerful song; the golden Mai Lang is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1316, "data": "In the park, there is a magnolia flower, which is opening quietly. The lark bird fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly: \"No, Father Sun gave me color, rain gave me fragrance, dear mother soil Only by giving me enough nutrition, can I smile and open up. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, raindrops and soil. \""}, {"nb": 1317, "data": "The warm little crow was sent to the hospital and all the animals came to see him. The bunny brought cabbage, and the calf brought milk. The lark sang a song: \"May you get better soon!\" The little crow looked at the little friend and shed tears."}, {"nb": 1318, "data": "Mother, why Xiaohe laughs loudly because the sun tickles her and tickles her. Mom, why is Hehe singing because the lark is praising her babble. Mother, why is Xiaohe so cool because she is immersed in the reverie that is deeply loved by snow. Mom, how old is Xiaohe, she will always be the same age as the young spring. Mom, why doesn't Xiaohe rest because her mother, the sea, hopes her at all times."}, {"nb": 1319, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1320, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's tree planting festival in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the world, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the crowd planting trees in the Temple of Heaven Park, 81-year-old grandfather Deng Xiaoping was particularly striking. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hand, and his forehead was covered with beads of sweat, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug up. Grandpa Deng picked a vigorous cypress seedling and carefully moved it into the tree pit. He waved a shovel and filled a few shovels of soil. He stood a few steps away and took a closer look. He did n\u2019t feel very straight, and said repeatedly, \u201cNo, no!\u201d He stepped forward and planted the sapling on a green cypress tree, standing straight like a warrior There. There was a satisfied smile on Grandpa Deng 's face. Today, the cypress trees planted by Grandpa Deng personally have grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in the Temple of Heaven."}, {"nb": 1321, "data": "There is a little flower cat in my family. It is covered with long hairs, black and white are really beautiful. It has a pair of round eyes, like a glass ball, it will glow green at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. As long as there is a little sound, the ears will stand up. It also has a furry tail, and when happy, it swings from side to side, like a flower stick. The little cat's nose has a very sensitive sense of smell, and Lao Yuan has a fishy smell, and it can also smell. There are five small meat pads on its feet. They are soft like quilts. They walk quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute."}, {"nb": 1322, "data": "A small bookshelf is placed in my home. It is used by the upper fathers and given to the mother in the middle. My book, below, read it every day after school."}, {"nb": 1323, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 1324, "data": "The road in Qingdao, like the waves of the sea, is low for a while and high for a while. I walk on the road. When going uphill, I shouted loudly: \"Come on! Come on!\" When going downhill, as if the windy grandfather was pushing behind, I shouted: \"Cushing!\" Look, the car is driving far away, really like a boat Bounce in the waves. The road in Qingdao is like the waves of the sea, one volt together, one volt together ..."}, {"nb": 1325, "data": "The funny little sky sister stood in front of the window and looked up at the sky. There are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. One is like a goldfish, one is like a goat, the other is like a white horse, the largest one is like a white bear. The little sister beckoned to them: \"Friends, come and dance with me, will you?\""}, {"nb": 1326, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 1327, "data": "The little frog is called quack, the duck quacks, the cock croaks, and the croak returns to Chunxiao, and the sheep looks for his mother. Bees humming flowers, hens clucking dolls, twittering magpies, and Mimi meowing, who is coming?"}, {"nb": 1328, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel is a beautiful little animal. It has flexible limbs and agile movements, always jumping on branches, chasing and playing with each other. On the delicate little face, a pair of sparkling little eyes were embedded, turning cautiously. The grayish-brown hair on the body is as smooth as oil, and it feels delicate and soft to the touch. A big fluffy tail is always upturned, and it looks extra beautiful."}, {"nb": 1329, "data": "Promise to the stars The stars have their small eyes open and hung on the black velvet, sparkling, do you look down from above to see if I am pure? The stars with their small eyes open, shining in the tranquil sky, you are in the high places, saying I am kind? The stars have their small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, open all night without sleeping, rosy dawn, why wipe you out? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dewdrops. You are shaking all the time, is it because of the cold? The little eyes of the stars, I assure you: you look at me, I will always be innocent."}, {"nb": 1330, "data": "Happy and happy I love my school, there are teachers and classmates in the school, everyone study together, dear and affectionate. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun."}, {"nb": 1331, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and sweet ...\" The little monkey ran out of the classroom and ran out into the field before he finished listening. what ! The apples on the tree were red, so they picked a big bite and ate it. It was so sweet! When he saw that the peach was big and red, he went to pick the peach, which was sweet and quenched his thirst. He thought the teacher was right, red fruits are all sweet. He walked around and saw a piece of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like small lanterns, which made people love it. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The little monkey was sweating spicyly. He ran back to school desperately and asked the teacher: \"How come this red fruit is not sweet?\" The teacher said: \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished speaking, why did you run away? \"\" The little monkey listened and bowed his head embarrassedly. From then on, the little monkey studied very seriously and became a good student."}, {"nb": 1332, "data": "Animal biscuits Three little rabbits sit together and eat biscuits. They talk as they eat. The first rabbit said: \"I eat a fox.\" The second rabbit said: \"I eat a grey wolf.\" The third rabbit said: \"I eat a tiger.\" Hiding behind the tree The foxes, gray wolves, and tigers arrived, and they were so terrified that they shivered and hurried away. \"Twitter! Twitter! Twitter!\" The bird cried while flying, \"It's dangerous, it's dangerous! It's wonderful! It's funny! It's funny!\" \"What's going on?\" The three little rabbits didn't know anything at all, they were still eating, laughing, talking ..."}, {"nb": 1333, "data": "I know . White clouds are floating in the blue sky. There is a small river in the valley, and the water flows slowly. There is a green bamboo forest not far away, and there are fiery wildflowers beside the bamboo forest. How fresh is the air here! What a beautiful scenery here! What is this place ? This is my lovely hometown."}, {"nb": 1334, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1335, "data": "The hens plant rice for one day, and the hens find some rice. She asked the duckling: \"Will you grow rice with me?\" The duckling said, \"It's too hard to grow rice, I'm afraid to bend down!\" The little hen had to grow rice by himself. As the seedlings grew taller, the little hen asked the kitten: \"Will you hoe with me?\" The kitten said, \"Weed is too hard. I'm afraid of blistering my hands!\" The little hen had to weed the grass by herself. When the rice was cooked, the little hen asked the little pig: \"Will you collect rice with me?\" The little pig said, \"It's too hard to collect the rice. I'm afraid it will get muddy!\" The little hen had to collect the rice by himself. The little hen beat the rice into rice and made it into fragrant and sweet white rice. It was given to the duckling, who lowered his head. For the little cat, the little cat blushed. To the piglet, the piglet said, \"We will grow rice with you next year!\""}, {"nb": 1336, "data": "The cuckoo's floral skirt cuckoo lives in the tree hole of the old locust tree. Listening to the old locust tree, cuckoo used to have no flower skirt. It flew from east to west, and while flying, it was called \"cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry cuckoo!\" In the spring of the cuckoo's cries, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, high mountain terraces are like colored ladders, and green, pink, and pale blue flowers bloom on the green grass. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies come to dance. The lively river sings songs, and flows happily into the distance. Seeing that spring is so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was so tired that it quietly returned to its nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral dress. \"What's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told Cuckoo: \"Because you diligently call everyone Cuckoo, so Spring Girl and Mother Earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps coming every spring. Call people: \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Hurry Cuckoo!\""}, {"nb": 1337, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 1338, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 1339, "data": "The spring flower ice has not yet melted, and the snow has not disappeared. You, full of passion can't help it anymore. You push on the white quilt, stretch out the tender branches, lift up the little yellow trumpet, and report the message to the people: Spring is here! Spring is here! People praise you and give you the best name: Spring Flowers."}, {"nb": 1340, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 1341, "data": "There are many, many useful small animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let's take a look at the dragonfly first! Look, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, which is really like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its figure is thin and long and really slim. Not only does it eat pests, but it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it shows that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! Look, there is a little swallow in the sky that is busy catching flying insects! The swallow is dressed in a black tuxedo. The tail is like a pair of small scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it flies low. Quack quack quack quack quack, who is coming Oh, it turned out to be a little frog. It bulged with a pair of big eyes, dressed in turquoise and green clothes, and exposed the belly of snow-white snow-white, very cute. It can eat thousands of pests in a year. It is a good helper to protect crops. There are so many useful little animals around us! We must protect those lovely little lives well!"}, {"nb": 1342, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1343, "data": "A cloud hat weather, so hot and hot. Small trees, small grass, small flowers ... are uncomfortably hot, and everyone wants to be cool. Suddenly, a black and black cloud hat floated. Who only wears a cloud hat? Xiaohua said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiao Cao said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Do n\u2019t fight, do n\u2019t fight, let \u2019s wear the sun, the sun is hotter than us! \u201dEveryone said:\u201c Okay! Good! \u201dFenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun wore a black cloud hat .. All of a sudden, the sky became cool and shady, and it rained a bit. Little tree, straightened his waist with joy. Little grass, swaying with joy. Birds, fly around, sing while flying: Friendship is really great! Friendship is really magical!"}, {"nb": 1344, "data": "The autumn wind looks like a huge paintbrush. It painted the sky blue, dyed the rice fields a golden yellow, painted sorghum as a burning torch, painted persimmon as a small red light, and portrayed the willow leaves like swinging naughty kids . You see, the leaves that swing on the swing sway with the wind, and then flutter to the ground lightly."}, {"nb": 1345, "data": "Small crayon Colorful small crayon, I use red to paint the national flag, I use green to paint the earth, I use blue to paint the ocean, I use yellow to paint the golden rooster, all 12 colors are used to draw my beautiful hometown."}, {"nb": 1346, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1347, "data": "Ai Hua study is very serious. When he is in class, he always pays attention to the teacher's lectures, thinks positively, and raises his hand to speak. His homework was completed on time every time, and the book was neat and beautiful. Once the school was over, the teacher sent the homework. When he saw an error in his homework, he stayed in the class to correct the homework. The other classmates all went home, but he was thinking hard in the classroom alone. Until he gave the correct answer, he showed a satisfied smile and went home with peace of mind."}, {"nb": 1348, "data": "Mother is a mountain, tall and steady. Mountain, beauty, tenderness. Mother is a mountain. My mother is a mountain, and I am a tree. The mountain nurtures the tree. My mother loves me very much, love deeply, love really. She was like a mountain, and she did not hesitate to use the trickle of her life to nourish me who is thirsty-a small tree that made me grow leafy. My mother is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares about the tree. Mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, give me comfort, give me hope, give me strength, let me change from cowardice to strong, from childish to mature."}, {"nb": 1349, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers, some of the pool lotus leaves are like an umbrella that is stretched out, some are like big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap between the lotus leaves, I saw a lot of thorns with thorns on the surface of the water. The tops of the lotus stems are covered with white lotus flowers. The lotus is in a variety of poses, one by one, and some are in full bloom, exposing golden stamens and bright yellow small lotus; some only spread two or three petals. Lovely fairy; some still have flowers and buds that haven't been laid. There was a lotus that had just opened and seemed to be shy, hiding behind the big lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 1350, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 1351, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, its effect is great! Scales are the \"bone\" of fish sauce on the outside of the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor. It has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent the bacteria in the water. The scales of the back and the abdomen are not the same color, the back is dark, and the abdomen is light. Fish scales grow slower in winter and darker in color; fish scales grow faster and lighter in summer. The shape of the fish scale is also different, there are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped!"}, {"nb": 1352, "data": "Mother planted a few beads of grapes on the grass in front of the door. A large bunch of agate-like grapes hang under the green leaves, there are red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, beautiful, very beautiful. Dad's face was filled with the joy of a bumper harvest."}, {"nb": 1353, "data": "I am a weather forecaster. Do n\u2019t look at my young age, but I can see that wind and rain change a lot; Dongqing and Xiwang do not wait for dinner. Swallows are going to rain. The frog calls, the ants move, and the fish rolls under heavy rain. Sunny and rainy days I knew that I was a weather forecaster."}, {"nb": 1354, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 1355, "data": "Big shoes A little elephant wore four big shoes on a swing, and ran, one shoe had a hole in it, and it was thrown hard, and the broken shoe was thrown into the river. The remaining three were useless, \"thump thump\" threw it into the grass. Dudu bear, furry ball, bag and mouse are playing ball together on the grass. The ball rolls and rolls into the grass. Bao Bao Mo went to find it, but did not find it; Mao Maoqi went to find it, but did not find it; Dudu Xiong went to find it, and he did not find it. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? There are three more so big and so round. \"Who's shoes? Who's shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wants. The bag mouse put four small wheels under a shoe and made a small car. It is really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing, which is really fun to wander around. What do doodle bears do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot, plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also ran to play, and saw the baby buggy, the little swing with a furry ball, and the flower of a toot bear. His eyes widened in surprise: \"Unexpectedly, my shoes can be made so much fun Something. \""}, {"nb": 1356, "data": "What a beautiful butterfly! It is like a leaf, dancing in the wind and falling slowly. There are stripes on their wings, some of them are goose yellow, some are orange, some are dark green, and there are colors that can't be said!"}, {"nb": 1357, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 1358, "data": "Mother Swallow hatched four little swallows. They have long black hairs, white belly, and small yellow mouths with sharp points, stretch out their long small necks, and shake their little round heads. You hold me, I squeeze you. When Daddy Yan and Mama Yan came back from the insects, they squeezed out, squeezing their heads out, opening their mouths, extending their necks, eager to eat. If you ca n\u2019t eat it, you scream."}, {"nb": 1359, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 1360, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 1361, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 1362, "data": "The little monster who read the wrong spell The little monster learned a lot of spells from his father. He used spells to transform gardens, castles, gold and silver jewelry. Although the little monster can make many things out of spells, he is not happy at all, and there is no smile on his face. One day, somehow, he pronounced the wrong spell and turned himself into a little lame man. The little monster was limping and walking in the forest. The little rabbit saw it and jumped all the way to help him lift the things in his hand. The little monkey saw it and helped him down the high hill. The little lark saw it and brought him many delicious fruits. When the little monster said \"Thank you\" to the rabbit, monkey, and lark, they all smiled sweetly on their faces. The little monster realized at this time that happiness was not hidden in his spell, but in the joy of helping others and receiving the help of others."}, {"nb": 1363, "data": "The funny little sky sister stood in front of the window and looked up at the sky. There are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. One is like a goldfish, one is like a goat, the other is like a white horse, the largest one is like a white bear. The little sister beckoned to them: \"Friends, come and dance with me, will you?\""}, {"nb": 1364, "data": "When autumn came, the goat teacher brought small animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. Teacher Goat said: \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you, what color do you like?\" The little bear said: \"I like gold, because the rice is golden and golden, it brings us a bumper harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said: \"I like red because the apples are red. The red apples are fragrant and sweet, symbolizing enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said: \"I like purple because the eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobility.\" The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautifully dresses our world!\""}, {"nb": 1365, "data": "Little sparrow's ambitions Little sparrows have a lot of fantasies, but they don't know what they can do, they can't make up their minds. He thought, as a singer, he stood on a branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how he practiced, there was no Lark Bird's sister singing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the house all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot or a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persevere. It felt very sad that it couldn't do anything. Mother said to it: \"Child, your ambitions are very good, but you don't have longevity, you must have a goal in life, and after setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. If you always give up halfway, then forever Can't succeed! \""}, {"nb": 1366, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 1367, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful outer walls that decorates the hut beautifully and brightly. In the wooden house is a small cat that helps others. One day, frogs, turtles, ducks, and roosters went to the streets to play together. On the way home, the sky darkened, and after a while, it began to rain heavily. The little cat is watching TV. It heard the sound of raining outside, \"Wow, Wow\", and thought, \"Will there be friends who need umbrellas?\" The little cat quickly took the little umbrella and walked out the door. It stood under the eaves, and saw four little friends coming along the road from afar. But now there is only one umbrella in hand, to whom do you lend it? The little cat saw the frog walking up and down, oh! It understands that frogs grow up in rivers and are not afraid of rain. It saw the tortoise sticking out its long neck and drinking the rain happily. There was a lid on its back. The turtle did not use an umbrella. It also saw a little duck with shiny, smooth feathers. When the rain dropped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't need an umbrella. Only the poor big cock, the thin feathers were soaked in the rain, the little cat quickly lent the little cock to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a big thing and feels so happy in his heart!"}, {"nb": 1368, "data": "One morning early in the morning, the swallows found that there were many small waterdrops on the green grass, which were very beautiful. Swallow invites its friends to see it soon. After a while, many swallows, birds, bees, and butterflies flew. At this time, the sun also rose. Everyone said, \"Ah! In the sunshine, the little drops of water are more beautiful!\" After a while, the beautiful little drops of water disappeared. Xiao Cao is very sad."}, {"nb": 1369, "data": "Suddenly, the workers stopped and placed the drain on the ground. A tall oak tree stood upright where this road should extend. It is so sturdy, strong, and upright, just like the sentinel in the grassland."}, {"nb": 1370, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 1371, "data": "I like the sun flower. It is the most common flower in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender, and it seems that water will come out when you pinch it with your hand. The leaves of the sun flower are very special, small and thick, and the surface of the leaf is coated with a thin layer of wax, smooth and green. The colors of sunflowers are exceptionally bright, some are as white as jade, some are as bright as fire, and some are as golden as gold, and the pink ones are like a light blush, the flowers are not large, and the natural beauty of the multi-layered petals The single-layered petals are so pretty and really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because of its bright colors, but also because it has tenacious vitality, it is not afraid of the sun, the wind, and the rain. It \u2019s always vigorous like that. Just plug in a small stem and plug in In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom."}, {"nb": 1372, "data": "Little Porcelain Pig \"Housekeeper\" I have a little Pork piggy bank. Its whole body is white and flawless, chubby. The small mouth pouted upwards, almost connected with the nose, and there was a little red dot on the nose, which looked cute and cute. A pair of eyes looked at me with a smile. There is also a \"secret door\" on the back of the little porcelain pig. I always put the saved money in its belly. It is my most faithful \"little housekeeper\"."}, {"nb": 1373, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 1374, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the straw hat river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat floated forward. The little turtle is happy to probe the brain: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. The duckling hurried over: \"I want, I want!\" But it took a lot of effort to hold the straw hat. They fought over their straw hats. Xianhefei said: \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. Whoever throws something back should give it back to him. It's not good to grab it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" With a straw hat flying away."}, {"nb": 1375, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 1376, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 1377, "data": "The little cat grower fish farmers planted corn in the field, and in autumn, they collected a lot of corn. The farmers planted peanuts in the field, and in the autumn they harvested a lot of peanuts. When the little cat saw it, he put the little fish in the ground. Did it collect a lot of little fish?"}, {"nb": 1378, "data": "Two grains of wheat Two grains of wheat-one barley and one wheat were dragged into the hole by ants and stored. \"It's over.\" The barley grain said to the wheat grain. \"We were thrown in this dark hole alone, and we lost our hope of life forever.\" \"No\", the wheat grain said: \"Hope is there. There is air here.\" , Moisture, if you want to sprout and grow, you're only going to lose sunlight. As long as the ants don't eat us, we can use our last strength, maybe we can arch out of the ground and find the sun. \"The barley grain shook his head, crying Say: \"Pull it down! It's at least three feet away from the ground. Is it a dream to get out of the ground with your little body?\" Because the barley grains cried all day long, his body was moldy. The vigorous wheat grains began to sprout and grow ... One day, the ants went to his warehouse to check the food, and found that the moldy barley grains and the sprouted wheat grains were inedible, so they were thrown out of the hole as garbage and thrown away Too. The barley kernels vanish when they see the wind. The wheat kernels face the sunlight, take root in the soil, and grow into a green wheat seedling. As long as the faith does not die, there will always be opportunities."}, {"nb": 1379, "data": "You shoot one, I shoot one, you can't throw garbage anywhere; you shoot two, I shoot two, go shopping on the street with cloth bags; you shoot three, I shoot three, save water today; you shoot four, I shoot four, whatever Remember to turn off the lights; you shoot five, I shoot five, you can not waste a grain; you shoot six, I shoot six, the used batteries are to be recycled; you shoot seven, I shoot seven, and the paper and pen are used up before you discard; you shoot eight , I shoot eight, love little trees and flowers; you shoot nine, I shoot nine, you want to be friends with animals; you shoot ten, I shoot ten, and protect the environment from me."}, {"nb": 1380, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 1381, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 1382, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 1383, "data": "The mature lychees are large, round, bunches, and fiery. Pick one, peel it off, and a layer of white flesh tightly wraps the red and shiny core. With a light bite, my mouth was overflowing with fresh juice, sweet."}, {"nb": 1384, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 1385, "data": "The Banana Forest Primary School held an intellectual contest, and many animals came to participate. The elephant teacher came up with a question: How did the three people eat two bananas in a short time? The Gray Wolf, Fox and Goat teams finished the answer first. They are divided like this. The Gray Wolves cut two bananas from the middle, and each person ate half of the bananas. The remaining half were thrown away. No one wants to find it back. The gray wolf thinks this is the fairest. The Foxes simply peeled both bananas. You bite and I bite and eat. After the bananas are eaten, it is fair to say that everyone is within one bite. What about the goats? Also cut the banana in the middle and give it to the elephant teacher first half, and the rest will eat half each. Smart children, which team do you think won the first place?"}, {"nb": 1386, "data": "After the rainbow rain passed, it was clear. A rainbow of colors was set up between rainy days. The frog said: \"Rainbow is a colorful bridge. Standing on it, you can see the most beautiful scenery.\" Haiyan said: \"Rainbow is a big hairpin. She puts it on the mother's head. She looks more beautiful.\" Butterfly said: The rainbow is a big garland, flying around, very happy in my heart. \""}, {"nb": 1387, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 1388, "data": "On the hillside, there are green grass, wild flowers blooming, and a few lambs are eating grass. There is a small river on the slope, and the river is clear, and a group of fish play freely in the river. On the river, a pair of white geese swim around. In the distance, a shepherd boy played a flute on the cow's back."}, {"nb": 1389, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 1390, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 1391, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chickens, kittens, bears and monkeys were playing together in the woods. They saw that the puppy was building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we build a house\" \"Okay!\" The lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out.\" \"The kitten said:\" No, no. I want to build the house by the small river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river! \"The little bear said:\" But I want to live in a cave , Or let \u2019s dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened and jumped up and said,\" Well, how do I do. I think it's better to live in a tree, how comfortable it is! \"The new house was built in the end Where"}, {"nb": 1392, "data": "A pair of little shoes and a rabbit found a pair of beautiful little shoes. Whose is it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Looking for the duckling, the duckling said, \"No, no, I have webbed feet on my feet and can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Looking for the birdie, the little bird said: \"No, no, my feet are pointed, can Grab the branch, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for the kitten, the kitten said:\" No, no, I have soft pads on my feet, there is no sound when walking, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for small The horse, the pony said: \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can walk a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the bunny saw a baby, light Running on the beach with your feet ... Bunny asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said: \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right Little Rabbit said: \"Thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1393, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 1394, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see the animals. The zoo is really lively, with all kinds of animals. The naughty monkey is swinging on the big tree. The monkey was naughty and jumped around, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, sea lions are performing heading, and from time to time there are applause from tourists. On the blue lake surface, two white swans are plucking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the bird flapped its wings and flew freely."}, {"nb": 1395, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 1396, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 1397, "data": "The fields in spring are so beautiful! The willow germinated. The peach tree blossomed. The green grass quietly burrowed out of the mud, and the ground seemed to be filled with dense pine needles. The golden rapeseed attracted the bees to fly back and forth."}, {"nb": 1398, "data": "The joyful song Langya sings the joyful song, bringing snow-white shells and green shrimp to people. Birds sing joyful songs, bringing beautiful spring and gorgeous flowers to people. The fallen leaves sing joyful songs, bringing people the fruits of harvest and happy dimples. Snowflake sings joyful songs, bringing people a silver world and beautiful wishes."}, {"nb": 1399, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 1400, "data": "Look at the goose, the white goose is coming: Stretching his neck, flapping his wings, squawking, \"white,\" white, only a little yellow dotted on his head and claws, his body is fat and strong, and his long neck supports a small and exquisite head, The small eyes are slick, the flat mouth is always pecking and pecking, cute! I love the white goose, but I hate its domineering. He always relied on his own strength to make his chickens, ducks, dogs and cats at home obedient, but when he was slightly disobedient, he forced him by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats all became its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slave\" can only eat leftovers when its belly is round and its wings flapped away. Every time I saw this situation, I screamed at it angrily: \"You damn slave owner, now what time it is, see that I will not beat you to death.\""}, {"nb": 1401, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 1402, "data": "Little Turtle Brother and Sister Opening a Store Little Turtle Brother and Sister want to open a small store, what kind of store is good? They asked the elephant. The elephant said: \"I am a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippo. The hippo said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!\" What? The kangaroo mother told them: \"I opened a bookstore and put the newspapers in my big pockets. I could sell them wherever I went.\" The little turtle brother and sister were sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. , What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brother and sister were not sad anymore, they opened a biscuit shop. Let the sun bake its back shell hot, then spread the scones on the back shell. Baked, baked, the biscuits are delicious. The little turtle's biscuits are fragrant and crisp, and there are beautiful patterns on it. Everyone came to buy them."}, {"nb": 1403, "data": "They shed tears in the dense forest where some small animals live, and they live happily. Suddenly one day, a lot of people came from the forest. They sawed down a big tree. The little animals ran around in panic. The panda said: \"I have no bamboo to eat.\" The snake said: \"I have no place to hide.\" The bird said: \"I have no place to lay a nest and lay eggs.\" As they said, they all shed sad tears."}, {"nb": 1404, "data": "In the blue sky, there are white clouds floating like cotton wool. Yuner wanders carefreely in the sky, thick or light, and changes shape from time to time. Look, a little white rabbit in the sky to the west is running vigorously forward, and after a while, it merges into the clouds. A moment later, a large butterfly flew from a distance, and it slowly expanded, blurred, and turned into a large cloud."}, {"nb": 1405, "data": "There is a group of birds in the yard of the little bird's house. Puppies, rabbits and cats want to make a comfortable home for the little birds so that they can live in the yard forever. The little cat made a beautiful bird cage. The bird looked around, twittered, and flew away. The puppy built a beautiful wooden house. The bird looked around, tweeted, and shook his head. The little rabbit planted a tree. The tree sprouted, and the birds chirped, sang and played in the green leaves. Puppies and kittens understand: Trees are the best home for birds."}, {"nb": 1406, "data": "Fireworks \"bang, bang, bang\", with a burst of roar, a bunch of fireworks flew into the night sky, I quickly looked up, ah, how beautiful! \"Red Link Star\" bloomed in the night sky, reflecting a piece of fiery red in the night sky. With the sound of \"cracks and pops\", countless strings of small sparks on a parachute hung over the sky, fluttering lightly and slowly, just like the lanterns on the sky full of festival lights. \"Boom,\" another loud noise, another string of fireworks rose up, and they were shuttled among the lanterns, forming a beautiful pattern."}, {"nb": 1407, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 1408, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 1409, "data": "My favorite vegetable is cucumber. Cucumbers vary in shape, some are like the moon at the beginning of the month, some are like a curved banana, some are like a small grenade, and some are like a shiny silver sickle. They are also different in size, some are fat, some are thin and long, and some are not fat or thin."}, {"nb": 1410, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 1411, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 1412, "data": "The fox opens a shop. The fox opens a shop, selling vinegar and cloth. The piglet beats vinegar less vinegar, the rabbit pulls the cloth less cloth, the piglet rabbit seeks him to make up, the fox can't count the dead and alive. You said such a small shop, would you like to patronize again?"}, {"nb": 1413, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 1414, "data": "Animal biscuits Three little rabbits sit together and eat biscuits. They talk as they eat. The first rabbit said: \"I eat a fox.\" The second rabbit said: \"I eat a grey wolf.\" The third rabbit said: \"I eat a tiger.\" Hiding behind the tree The foxes, gray wolves, and tigers arrived, and they were so terrified that they shivered and hurried away. \"Twitter! Twitter! Twitter!\" The bird cried while flying, \"It's dangerous, it's dangerous! It's wonderful! It's funny! It's funny!\" \"What's going on?\" The three little rabbits didn't know anything at all, they were still eating, laughing, talking ..."}, {"nb": 1415, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky revealed the white color of the fish belly. Gradually, the white of the fish belly turned pale red, as if the redness appeared on people's faces after drinking a bit of wine. Then it slowly changed from light red to deep red, and then from deep red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like golden apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and sapphires, pearls, colored jade for a while ... it was truly magnificent and unpredictable."}, {"nb": 1416, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 1417, "data": "The grass is beside the road, on the banks of the river. The humble grass makes nature full of life. In spring, a slight spring breeze blew, and the grass and the partners who had just woken up danced cheerfully. They danced and grew with the spring breeze. In summer, the sun roasts the earth fiery. People came to the grass and sat on the grass. The grass held people in the arms like a loving mother, allowing the tired people to eliminate the fatigue caused by the heat. She never cares what people give, she would rather contribute to them. In the autumn, when a cool breeze blew, she suddenly became yellow-skinned. The cold wind invited winter, and the roots of the grass dig deep into the soil. When the next spring came, she came out of the soil again."}, {"nb": 1418, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 1419, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 1420, "data": "Several animals in the zoo are playing the seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The little squirrel cannot raise the sika deer. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot lift the red panda. The little squirrel plays with the little monkey. The little squirrel cannot lift the little monkey up. The sika deer plays with the red panda, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the heaviest?"}, {"nb": 1421, "data": "Interesting mouth birds have different mouths and different foods. The woodpecker's mouth is long and pointed, and it can catch small bugs in the tree; the sparrow's mouth is short and thick, and can break the hard skin; the eagle's mouth is particularly hard, with a small groove in front, which can catch small animals , You can also tear the meat of animals to eat."}, {"nb": 1422, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 1423, "data": "A pair of little shoes and a rabbit found a pair of beautiful little shoes. Whose is it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Looking for the duckling, the duckling said, \"No, no, I have webbed feet on my feet and can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Looking for the birdie, the little bird said: \"No, no, my feet are pointed, can Grab the branch, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for the kitten, the kitten said:\" No, no, I have soft pads on my feet, there is no sound when walking, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for small The horse, the pony said: \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can walk a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the bunny saw a baby, light Running on the beach with your feet ... Bunny asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said: \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right Little Rabbit said: \"Thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1424, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water, and the sparkling waves flickered under the sunshine and the breeze, like twin eyes with twinkling eyes. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass. From a distance, it looks very beautiful, like the creator put a thick green carpet on the ground. Sometimes when I play by the pond, I will also see a group of little birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was covered with red glow, and the glow of the sun reflected on the water surface, like laying a layer of red, transparent yarn on the water surface. As night fell, the crooked moon reflected on the surface of the water, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the surface of the water, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond!"}, {"nb": 1425, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 1426, "data": "There are small drops of water on the back of the little turtle, which must be so hot that it sweats. Sweetly hurriedly fan it. Dad told Tiantian that the tortoise is a cold-blooded animal like a fish. It is not afraid of heat. Sweating is because the back of the little turtle is cold, and there is more water vapor in the air. Small water droplets are formed on the back of the turtle, indicating that it is going to rain."}, {"nb": 1427, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 1428, "data": "Happy little snail. I am a happy little snail. My shell is my house. I take it with me in the green fields every day. There are tender green grass, sweet dew, and dragonflies and butterflies playing with me. My favorite is the rainy day, because the humid environment makes me feel particularly comfortable. After the rain clears, children can often see me when they come out to play. At this time, I may drink dew slowly on the blades of grass, stretch out on the ground to breathe the fresh air, or stand on the sunflower to enjoy the scenery in the distance ... I like my life very much. Once, I climbed hard to the tree and saw a park not far away. There are bright flowers in the park, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children. The children are playing happily, chasing each other, and there is a continuous burst of joyful laughter. I secretly thought: Although I climb slowly, I must climb hard. If I can go to the park and play with the children, then I will be happier!"}, {"nb": 1429, "data": "In the pool, the lotus closed its beautiful eyes, and a dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf. In the grass, the frog sang screaming, and the bells were ringing. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes."}, {"nb": 1430, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1431, "data": "Suddenly, the workers stopped and placed the drain on the ground. A tall oak tree stood upright where this road should extend. It is so sturdy, strong, and upright, just like the sentinel in the grassland."}, {"nb": 1432, "data": "The big rooster blushed before dawn every day, the big rooster had to cry from the neck for a while. One day, his neighbor, the little rabbit, asked him: \"Friend, why do you always call it, is it quieter to be better?\" Said the big cock: \"I don't call, the sky won't be bright!\" The rabbit shook his head doubtfully. \"Why, do you still doubt this?\" Said the big cock in surprise: \"Every day, always after I called, the genius is bright. Isn't that true?\" The rabbit thought for a while and said: \"So , Do n\u2019t call it tomorrow morning, see what happens? \u201dThe big cock agreed. The next day, the big cock didn't call. However, the sky is still bright. Self-righteous big cock, blushed with a brush."}, {"nb": 1433, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 1434, "data": "Who is the smartest? There is a king who gives each of the three sons a coin. It is required to fill a room with the things bought. The eldest son bought a cart of wheat straw, which did not fill the room. The second son bought a bag of yellow sand and spread it on the ground, which could only cover the floor of the room. The third son bought a candle, and the lit candle lit the whole room. You say, who is the smartest?"}, {"nb": 1435, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1436, "data": "Wu Han borrowed a book from the famous historian Wu Han. When he was a boy, he often walked dozens of miles to the county book collector to read books. Sometimes when he borrowed a book, he read while walking, halfway through. When the book was finished, he returned the same way, and returned the book to borrow another one. Once, Wu Han borrowed a copy of \"Liao Zhai Zhi Yi\" and said that after three months of reading, who knows to return the book on the fifth day. The bibliophile was dubious. He selected several stories in the book for him to tell. Wu Han told them accurately. The bibliographer nodded again and again."}, {"nb": 1437, "data": "In the past, several blind people touched an elephant. The man who touched the elephant's leg said: The elephant is like a pillar. The man who touched the elephant said: The elephant is like a wall. The man who touched the elephant's tail said: The elephant is like a snake. Everyone said they were right, and they were blushing."}, {"nb": 1438, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 1439, "data": "Mommy Plant has a way for Dandelion Mother to prepare a parachute and give it to her doll. As long as the wind blew gently, the children set off on the wind one after another. There is a good way for mother Xuan Er. She puts her child on a barbed armor. As long as the fur of the animal is hung, the children can go to the fields and mountains. Mother Pea had a better way. She let the pods shine in the sun. With a bang, the pods exploded, and the children bounced away from their mothers."}, {"nb": 1440, "data": "My family has a cute little pigeon. It looks fat. The body is covered with brown feathers, the wings and tail are white, and there is a wonderful purple circle around the neck. As soon as he saw me, it stretched his neck, and the eyes of those water spirits always blinked at me, which is lovable!"}, {"nb": 1441, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 1442, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 1443, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 1444, "data": "The little fireflies of summer night, flying low on the grass of summer night, carrying a small red light, attentively watching this world of flowers and plants. Fireflies, don't you think your lights are too small? Don't you think you are burning yourself? The firefly didn't answer. It was still flying around, carrying its beautiful red light burning with life, flying among the thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1445, "data": "I am a little frog, two homes in the river bank. After a while, swim in the pool, and then jump and climb on the ground. The house in the water is covered with green lotus leaves, and small wild flowers bloom on the shore. During the day I catch insects, at night I sing in the moonlight again."}, {"nb": 1446, "data": "Two grains of wheat Two grains of wheat-one barley and one wheat were dragged into the hole by ants and stored. \"It's over.\" The barley grain said to the wheat grain. \"We were thrown in this dark hole alone, and we lost our hope of life forever.\" \"No\", the wheat grain said: \"Hope is there. There is air here.\" , Moisture, if you want to sprout and grow, you're only going to lose sunlight. As long as the ants don't eat us, we can use our last strength, maybe we can arch out of the ground and find the sun. \"The barley grain shook his head, crying Say: \"Pull it down! It's at least three feet away from the ground. Is it a dream to get out of the ground with your little body?\" Because the barley grains cried all day long, his body was moldy. The vigorous wheat grains began to sprout and grow ... One day, the ants went to his warehouse to check the food, and found that the moldy barley grains and the sprouted wheat grains were inedible, so they were thrown out of the hole as garbage and thrown away Too. The barley kernels vanish when they see the wind. The wheat kernels face the sunlight, take root in the soil, and grow into a green wheat seedling. As long as the faith does not die, there will always be opportunities."}, {"nb": 1447, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1448, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 1449, "data": "The Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like the blood vessels in the motherland of the motherland, bringing the life force to the motherland. Child, do you know? Of the thousands of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province in the northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Yangtze River in Wanli is the largest river in the motherland and a famous river in the world."}, {"nb": 1450, "data": "The autumn wind looks like a huge paintbrush. It painted the sky blue, dyed the rice fields a golden yellow, painted sorghum as a burning torch, painted persimmon as a small red light, and portrayed the willow leaves like swinging naughty kids . You see, the leaves that swing on the swing sway with the wind, and then flutter to the ground lightly."}, {"nb": 1451, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 1452, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 1453, "data": "Mother planted a few beads of grapes on the grass in front of the door. A large bunch of agate-like grapes hang under the green leaves, there are red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, beautiful, very beautiful. Dad's face was filled with the joy of a bumper harvest."}, {"nb": 1454, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 1455, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 1456, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 1457, "data": "The color of spring rain Spring rain, fall down! The sweet spring rain fell under the fragrant spring breeze-the soil was wet and oily and black; the blades of grass were wet and tender and green; the petals were wet and fiery and red ... what color is the spring rain? ? The soil particles say: it's black; the blades of grass say: it's green; the petals say: it's red ... Huh? What color is Spring Rain?"}, {"nb": 1458, "data": "Child Yu, I am a fish, do you know my age? In spring and summer, I eat more and grow faster; in autumn and winter, the opposite is true. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds. My scales will appear one by one, as long as I count the lines on my body, You can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 1459, "data": "Dandelion In spring, a dandelion grows under the window of Lele's house. Lele looked at the buds of dandelions and said, \"You are really green, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will die. I will watch you grow up slowly.\" In summer, Lele The dandelion under the window of the house has yellow flowers. Lele smelled the yellow flower of dandelion and said, \"You are so beautiful, but I don't pick you. If you pick you, you will hurt. When you get results, come and see me, okay?\" Autumn is here, Dandelion finally grew up, and it turned out. Lele opened the window, and dandelion seeds floated in. Lele was happy and a little embarrassed: \"Ah, dandelion came to see me!\""}, {"nb": 1460, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 1461, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 1462, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10th Teacher' s Day. I came to the school early in the morning and saw a variety of real and fake flowers being sold at the entrance of the school. It was so beautiful! I bought flowers and ran into the classroom quickly, and set up the blackboard with my classmates. When the other students are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. As expected. In a flash, the teacher came. As soon as the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was startled, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this moment, the class leader said, \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"Wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw colorful flowers on the blackboard Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students. The teacher was very happy and said excitedly: \"Thank you! Thank you students!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday."}, {"nb": 1463, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 1464, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 1465, "data": "My family lives by the sea blue sky blue, blue sea blue, my family lives by the sea. There is a Moon Bay by the sea, and fishing boats are stopped in the sea. There is an old grandpa on board, whose story can't be told."}, {"nb": 1466, "data": "The rustling footsteps of the spring girl were close. The infinitely bright spring colors on the fields dress up the river even more enchanting. The grass on the shore somehow sneaked out of the soil secretly and danced lightly in the spring breeze. The grass looked like a green carpet in the sun. The children were sitting on it, lying down, and some were rolling. The little lamb jumped beside his mother \"bleep\". On both banks of the river, rows of weeping willows, with tender green shoots, cuckoos, magpies, jumping on the branches, singing a clear and graceful song, weeping willow branches stretched into the defrosting stream, as if to wash away the cold in winter. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled, and the green trees and green trees reflected in the water expanded and contracted, and gathered together, and scattered, like naughty fish swimming there."}, {"nb": 1467, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 1468, "data": "There was a fog in the morning on the mountain road. The road could not be seen clearly in the mountains. The pigs, deer and rabbits were badly damaged. The little rabbit leads the little pig, and the little pig pulls the little deer, pulling the vine, holding the tree, walking the mountain road step by step. Qiufeng's mother-in-law came to help, and \u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014 blew all the mist all at once."}, {"nb": 1469, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 1470, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 1471, "data": "I can draw. I can draw big cocks. In my paintings, big cocks roar. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flutter up and down. I can draw fish. In my painting, the fish flicked its tail and swam over."}, {"nb": 1472, "data": "A pair of shoes, like a big boat and a small boat. Look at my home, dad's big ship, mom's little sailboat, my little speedboat, the colors are so beautiful! It was dawn, the boat was all out to sea, and it was late, and the boat returned to the harbor."}, {"nb": 1473, "data": "Place your home as grass and water, and water as tea, and place your home under the big tree. The elder brother builds the house, the younger brother grows crops, the older sister makes clothes, I go to feed the chickens and ducks, the younger sister is young, watching the rag doll."}, {"nb": 1474, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 1475, "data": "The beautiful Phalaenopsis weather is so nice, I went for a walk with my dad and saw a flower on the side of the road. I asked my dad: \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me: \"This is a Phalaenopsis.\" I asked: \" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said:\" This flower is very peculiar, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I look closely, half of the petals of this flower are purple, the other half It's white, it's like a flying butterfly when it's blown by the wind, it's amazing!"}, {"nb": 1476, "data": "A group of animals are eating grass and a tiger is rushing in. The animals were frightened and fled, but the only rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger froze for a moment before turning around and leaving. The animals who watched from afar swarmed up and surrounded the warrior, singing a tribute to it. The tiger didn't go far, it spied far away. After a while, he saw that the rhinoceros had left this group of animals, and immediately returned to charge. The animals fled again and again. There was only a naive little lamb just born, who was not afraid, and greeted him with a pair of curious eyes, screaming intimately at the tiger. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother-in-law and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. For a moment, he turned away. The animals watching from afar flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger and sang praises to it."}, {"nb": 1477, "data": "The old man on the calendar stepped on the sound of firecrackers and flew with the snowflakes. Look, who is coming to us? Ah, it is the old man of the calendar who came to his side. The old man of the calendar is so nice, he gave us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet and refined toffee. It is a thick new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns, give us 365 moons. Going to school in summer teaches us not to be afraid of heat, but reading early in winter teaches us not to be afraid of frost. Accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve every day. Ah, how precious is the gift of the old man of the calendar, we must cherish it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail, leading us to sail every day in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge."}, {"nb": 1478, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 1479, "data": "Promise to the stars The stars have their small eyes open and hung on the black velvet, sparkling, do you look down from above to see if I am pure? The stars with their small eyes open, shining in the tranquil sky, you are in the high places, saying I am kind? The stars have their small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, open all night without sleeping, rosy dawn, why wipe you out? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dewdrops. You are shaking all the time, is it because of the cold? The little eyes of the stars, I assure you: you look at me, I will always be innocent."}, {"nb": 1480, "data": "What a beautiful butterfly! It is like a leaf, dancing in the wind and falling slowly. There are stripes on their wings, some of them are goose yellow, some are orange, some are dark green, and there are colors that can't be said!"}, {"nb": 1481, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 1482, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sunlight, we blow up colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly to the blue sky. Some are like small dewdrops, and some are like beautiful colored balls. Bubbles flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom; Bubbles flew to space and danced with the stars in the sky; Bubbles flew to the lawn, holding hands with the grass hand, shoulder by shoulder, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1483, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 1484, "data": "The big lion was tickling, so he called some small animals to scratch it. The little rabbit caught him, and the big lion said, \"Light! Lightened!\" , Angrily shouting. The fox found itchy and asked the big lion to grab it by himself. The big lion picked up the tickle and scratched it by himself. He wanted to grab it lightly and gently. When he wanted to grab it, he would grab it heavily. The more you grasp the more comfortable, the big lion laughs with joy."}, {"nb": 1485, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 1486, "data": "Little Turtledove is very lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked Pulsatilla: \"Grandpa Pulsatilla, who can make friends with me?\" Pulsatilla said: \"You can go to make friends with magpie, he is enthusiastic and kind!\" Little Turtle said shamefully: \"I took over his Nest, he will not be good to me. \"Pulsatilla said:\" You can go to make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive me Mine. \"Pulsatilla thought for a while, and then said:\" So, you try to find a little sparrow, he is naive and lively! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, He pecked him with blood, \"Baitou Weng sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others, who wants to be your friend? \""}, {"nb": 1487, "data": "One winter, Lenin recuperates in the suburbs. He walks in the park every day. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three gray finches on the tree: two breasts are pink and one breast is crimson. They beat back and forth among the branches and sing softly, which is very lovable. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he had to stop, looking up at these three cheerful gray finches, and often brought breadcrumbs and grains to them."}, {"nb": 1488, "data": "There is a radio and television tower beside the Huangpu River in Shanghai. She has a beautiful name called \"Oriental Pearl\". This tower, with the blue sky above it, stepped on the earth with its feet, like a giant. At night, the lights on the tower are all lit, colorful, and very beautiful. The Shanghai Radio and TV Tower is really a beautiful oriental pearl."}, {"nb": 1489, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 1490, "data": "Autumn girl Grasshopper is still screaming, her throat is dumb. Everyone is looking forward to it, autumn girl is finally here, she flew down with the wild geese from the high blue sky. Burning torches danced in the sorghum field. A string of bean bells rang in the bean field. Kissing apple faces in the orchard. A small red flag floated on the maple------The autumn girl walked all over our hometown. Her footprints were yellow and red. Every footprint was full of our laughter."}, {"nb": 1491, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 1492, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 1493, "data": "Several animals in the zoo are playing the seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The little squirrel cannot raise the sika deer. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot lift the red panda. The little squirrel plays with the little monkey. The little squirrel cannot lift the little monkey up. The sika deer plays with the red panda, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the heaviest?"}, {"nb": 1494, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 1495, "data": "There are many flowers in front of the school. There is a string of red with fiery red, golden yellow sun, purple morning glory, and snow-white calla lily. The bursts of flowers attracted bees and butterflies to dance among the flowers."}, {"nb": 1496, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1497, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 1498, "data": "Doudou's bad habits Doudou always likes to lick things. He said he wanted to taste the taste of things. His mother told him that it was unhygienic, he didn't listen, and he often grabbed toys and licked. He often said: \"People have said it, it's not clean, it's okay to eat it.\" Mom didn't do anything to him. The bacteria on the plastic elephant were licked into the stomach by Doudou. My stomach hurts! Doudou rolled in pain. Mother saw it and hurried him to the hospital. The doctor said, \"Little Doudou, you will get sick by licking things. Now you have to take an injection to take medicine!\" Little Doudou nodded silently. Since then, Doudou will no longer lick toys. Not only did he not lick things randomly, he also developed the good habit of washing hands and changing clothes frequently. Now that everyone has seen Doudou, they all praise him as a good boy who loves cleanliness."}, {"nb": 1499, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 1500, "data": "The spring flower ice has not yet melted, and the snow has not disappeared. You, full of passion can't help it anymore. You push on the white quilt, stretch out the tender branches, lift up the little yellow trumpet, and report the message to the people: Spring is here! Spring is here! People praise you and give you the best name: Spring Flowers."}, {"nb": 1501, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 1502, "data": "Ants and grasshoppers are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have backs, some pull, all sweating. When several grasshoppers saw it, they all laughed that the ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to cool off, some sang, some went to sleep, and all were free. When winter comes, the northwest wind is blowing, and the ants lie in a hole filled with food for the winter. Grasshoppers are cold and hungry, and they can no longer breathe."}, {"nb": 1503, "data": "Opening up the earth It is said that a long time ago, the heaven and the earth were together. It was endless, and it looked like a big egg. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was born. One day, Pangu split the \"egg\" with his own axe. In this way, the light object rises into a high blue sky; the heavy one sinks into a vast earth. Pangu was afraid that the world and the world would join together, so he supported the world with his hands and feet. Slowly, the longer and higher the Pangu, the higher and higher the sky, and the thicker the ground. In the end, Pangu spent 18,000 years to complete the mission."}, {"nb": 1504, "data": "The Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like the blood vessels in the motherland of the motherland, bringing the life force to the motherland. Child, do you know? Of the thousands of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province in the northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Yangtze River in Wanli is the largest river in the motherland and a famous river in the world."}, {"nb": 1505, "data": "The little crab on the beach practises writing on the beach by the sea. He writes and writes, the words become crooked. Uncle Ocean Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his character. The little crab writes again. Writing, writing, the words have become crooked again. Uncle Hailang came to help him erase the words again. The little crab was not discouraged. He suffocated and began to write again. This time he was a little slower, but he was very careful. This line of words was one after another, and he was written neatly and correctly. Mother Seagull flying by the sea said to her little seagulls: \"Look, how beautiful the words of the little crab are!\" \"Mom, what is he writing?\" Asked the little seagulls. \"What he wrote is: A good boy is not afraid of difficulty.\" Mother Seagull said. This time, Uncle Ocean Wave never washed the word away, but left the word on the beach."}, {"nb": 1506, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 1507, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 1508, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1509, "data": "Girl and Mirror There is a girl named Xiaohua, wearing a floral skirt, wearing a braid, facing the large mirror, and asked, \"What do I look like?\" On the willow tree outside the window, there was a flower magpie, rushing to answer: \" Twitter, his face is like a flower! \"Xiaohua listened and smiled. On the poplar outside the door, a black crow interjected and said, \"Ah, my face looks like a winter melon!\" Xiaohua heard it and cried. My mother saw it and said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, don't love to listen to the good words of magpies, and don't be afraid to listen to the bad words of crows. To know how you look, you should ask the mirror and ask it to tell you the truth.\""}, {"nb": 1510, "data": "My family has a cute little pigeon. It looks fat. The body is covered with brown feathers, the wings and tail are white, and there is a wonderful purple circle around the neck. As soon as he saw me, it stretched his neck, and the eyes of those water spirits always blinked at me, which is lovable!"}, {"nb": 1511, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 1512, "data": "Brave and smart A little squirrel and three little kangaroos play under a fruit tree, and the mother kangaroo looks at them not far away. Suddenly, a bad wolf jumped out of the forest. The kangaroo mother was quick-witted, grabbed two little kangaroos and a little squirrel, stuffed it into the chest pocket, and put on a posture to fight the evil wolf. However, another baby kangaroo failed to return to his mother's pocket in time under a walnut tree that was far away. The evil wolf drooled and swooped past. \"Boom!\" Something hit the old wolf's head melon, and the evil wolf raised his mouth with his mouth wide open. \"Boom!\" Another thing stuck in his throat, and the wolf was terrified, thinking it was a hunter's bullet, and quickly escaped with his tail caught. Everyone looked up and it turned out that it was the mother of the squirrel who threw the walnuts on the tree. At this time, the little squirrel and the little kangaroo jumped out of the mother kangaroo 's pocket. The little squirrel said to the little kangaroo: \"Your mother is so brave!\" The little squirrel said to the little squirrel: \"Your mother is so clever!\" Hearing this, both the kangaroo mother and the squirrel mother laughed."}, {"nb": 1513, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 1514, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1515, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 1516, "data": "Why the morning and evening sun is so special The red sun rises early in the morning or when it is about to fall in the evening, it is always red, like the cute faces of children. It turns out that the atmosphere dyes the sun: red. The sun's light is composed of 7 colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple. When these 7 colors of light are lined up neatly together When it appears, we see white light. We know that there is a thick atmosphere around the earth. There are a lot of dust and small water droplets in this atmosphere. When the sun hits the earth, we must cast it first. Through the atmosphere, the naughty little guys such as dust and small water droplets will spread the sun light, or simply block it back. In the morning or evening sun, almost only the red and orange lights bravely break through the atmosphere that blocks them, and enter Our eyes, so the sun we see in the morning and evening is always red."}, {"nb": 1517, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 1518, "data": "The scene on the beach is even more marvelous, with a variety of shells everywhere. They are yellow, silver, red, blue ... really colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are like blooming flowers, some are like small fans, and some are like cute little animals, lifelike."}, {"nb": 1519, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 1520, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 1521, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 1522, "data": "My cute little cat has a little cat. The little cats have small ears standing upright, and their eyes are round and round. It has eight beards by its mouth, which are thin, long, and hard. I know that it is used to measure the size of the hole in the mouse. The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking. It also has a long tail that always swings back and forth. During the day, the little cat always likes to sleep, and keeps snoring in his mouth. Once in the evening, it walked around here, and looked there, as if it was scouting for mouse activity. I really like this cute little cat."}, {"nb": 1523, "data": "Interesting mouth birds have different mouths and different foods. The woodpecker's mouth is long and pointed, and it can catch small bugs in the tree; the sparrow's mouth is short and thick, and can break the hard skin; the eagle's mouth is particularly hard, with a small groove in front, which can catch small animals , You can also tear the meat of animals to eat."}, {"nb": 1524, "data": "One winter, Lenin recuperates in the suburbs. He walks in the park every day. There is a tall birch tree in the park. There are three gray finches on the tree: two breasts are pink and one breast is crimson. They beat back and forth among the branches and sing softly, which is very lovable. Every time Lenin walked under the birch tree, he had to stop, looking up at these three cheerful gray finches, and often brought breadcrumbs and grains to them."}, {"nb": 1525, "data": "In the autumn season of kiwi, kiwis are covered with branches and make people salivate. The shape of kiwis is oval, the skin is tan, covered with small spots on it, and there are small fluffs. Gently peel it off, revealing the jasper-like flesh inside, the lines are like a folding fan that opens, and it looks like a curved bow pulled up one after another, and it is covered with \"little sesame seeds\". Try it, it tastes sweet and refreshing. Kiwi is not only delicious, but also has high medicinal and nutritional value. It is said that kiwi is still a good medicine to prevent cancer! \""}, {"nb": 1526, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 1527, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 1528, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 1529, "data": "Cry when it rains, can you cry when it rains? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why is the little girl crying? Little Rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad, and her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl's tears continued to flow out after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Little Yu burst into tears in the little girl's tears. \"Huh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I am a little rain!\" Said Xiaoyu, crying, \"because you see nothing, I am sad for you!\" \"Thank you, little rain!\" The little girl smiled, \"I do n\u2019t Cry, do n\u2019t cry! You hear, there are so many little rains laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy \"\" Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughing and singing with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears were dry, and the little rain disappeared. She also had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-color little rain, and came into the little girl \u2019s eyes, and the little girl saw it with great pleasure. La!"}, {"nb": 1530, "data": "Three monks legend In ancient times, a lively and smart little monk came to a temple on the mountain. At first, he picked water diligently. Not only did he drink enough, he also poured water into the net bottle in the hands of the bodhisattva, and the willow branches in the net bottle lived. Soon, a thin monk came. He had a dispute with the young monk about drinking water and carrying water. No one was willing to suffer a loss, so the two discussed to carry the water together. Later, a fat monk came again. All three monks had to drink water, but none of them was willing to carry more water. Within two days the water tank was exposed. The willow branches in the net bottle also withered from the lack of water. One night, while all three monks were dozing, a burning candle fell on the incense case, and the small temple caught fire. During the crisis, the three monks scrambled to pick up water to fight the fire, and a fire was quickly extinguished. After the fire, the three monks seemed to understand something. From then on, the water in the water tank was full again, and the three monks happily held the large bowl of drinking water, and the willow branch in the net bottle was restored to life."}, {"nb": 1531, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1532, "data": "The little cat grower fish farmers planted corn in the field, and in autumn, they collected a lot of corn. The farmers planted peanuts in the field, and in the autumn they harvested a lot of peanuts. When the little cat saw it, he put the little fish in the ground. Did it collect a lot of little fish?"}, {"nb": 1533, "data": "Ants and bees people always love to praise bees. Ants are very unhappy. One day, the ants crawled to the tree in search of food, and were hitting the bees in the flowers. The ant asked: \"Bee, do you say I am hardworking?\" The bee said: \"You are like me, busy all day.\" The ant asked again: \"Why do people only praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \""}, {"nb": 1534, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel likes to live on the tree, often nesting in the middle of the tree branch. When building a nest, it first moved some small branches, staggered and put them together, and then found some moss to spread on it, and then pressed the moss tightly and flattened it. The nest is built, and a cover is added to it, so that you are not afraid of wind and rain. The squirrel's nest is warm and safe."}, {"nb": 1535, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 1536, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 1537, "data": "Whose feet are best for a day, chickens, ducks, cats, and horses are arguing under the trees about their feet. The chicken said: \"My feet are the best. The long toes are sharp and flexible, and all the ground is for food.\" The duck said: \"My feet are the best. The toes have webs between them, like paddles, swimming It's convenient! \"The cat said,\" My feet are the best. There is a meat pad between the toes and the soles of the feet, and there is long hair. There is no sound when walking. It is inseparable to catch mice! \"Ma said:\" My feet are the most Okay. People nailed me with iron palms, just like putting on iron shoes. Pulling carts to transport things depends on my four feet. \"The old buffalo heard it and walked over and said:\" Don't fight, your feet are good. It \u2019s just that each has its own use, so why fight for whose feet are the best! \""}, {"nb": 1538, "data": "The mother Bunny without skills has four children. One day, she gave an assignment to her four children, and gave each child a piece of paper, asking them to use their own brains and use this piece of paper to do something meaningful. Xiao Hui found a brush to write on the paper. Behind him, Xiaoqing thought, \"Will I be able to write? Let's do something else.\" Xiaohong knelt on the ground and drew on paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought, \"I can't paint well, so I'll do something else.\" Little Black has folded a small bird out of paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought: I still won't break it, there is no way. As a result, Xiao Qingdong looked at it, West looked at it, and when her mother came to check it, she did nothing ..."}, {"nb": 1539, "data": "Treasures forever when I was young, I didn't even know that there was Mother's Day. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for children to express their gratitude to their mothers, and thank them for giving birth, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to use red paper to cut a \"heart\" and write your name on it and give it to mom. That day, my mother happened to be back from abroad. My father and I went to the airport to meet her. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take the gift out; my father reminded me next to me that I gave my mother the heart. I said to my mother: \"Mother, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother hugged me and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in my eyes. Mother put the \"heart\" in her box and kept it until now. No matter where her mother is, this \"heart\" always accompanies her. I deeply feel: my little intention brings happiness to my mother and makes her treasure forever."}, {"nb": 1540, "data": "Happy Sunday Today is Sunday, the weather is very warm, my father and I decided to go to the park to play. There are so many people in the park! On the curvy path, there are grandpas singing tunes, big brothers running while listening to music, and a group of happy children on the green grass are catching butterflies! I quickly joined them. Have fun playing today!"}, {"nb": 1541, "data": "In the past, the fox had two pairs of twins, big fat and small fat. They are always arguing all day long. One day, on the way to grandma's house, they found a piece of bread. They were afraid that the other party would eat more, so they kept arguing. A fox came, and it said: \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divides the bread into one big and one small, and the big fat little fat said: \"Not fair.\" The fox said: \"This is not easy to do \"The fox took a bite of the big one, and the big one became small. Big fat and little fat still feel unfair, and the fox bites the bigger one again. In this way, the fox bites around, and in the end, the bread is almost completely eaten by the fox. The fox slipped away quietly taking advantage of the stunned effort of the brothers. Only then did the two brothers realize that they were fooled by the cunning fox and regretted it."}, {"nb": 1542, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I carried the shovel, took the sapling, and came to the river. I dug a hole with a spade and carefully planted the saplings. My mother saw me and asked me with a smile: \"My child, what kind of tree do you plant?\" I answered loudly: \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be sent to children around the world Spread happiness. \"Mom touched my head and said kindly:\" We wish the happiness tree grow up quickly so that every child in the world can share happiness! \""}, {"nb": 1543, "data": "A small bookshelf is placed in my home. It is used by the upper fathers and given to the mother in the middle. My book, below, read it every day after school."}, {"nb": 1544, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 1545, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 1546, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1547, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 1548, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the straw hat river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat floated forward. The little turtle is happy to probe the brain: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. The duckling hurried over: \"I want, I want!\" But it took a lot of effort to hold the straw hat. They fought over their straw hats. Xianhefei said: \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. Whoever throws something back should give it back to him. It's not good to grab it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" With a straw hat flying away."}, {"nb": 1549, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 1550, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 1551, "data": "One seed and one seed sleep in the soil. When he woke up, he felt very warm, and he straightened himself up. It was a little thirsty, took a sip of water, felt very comfortable, and lifted his body a bit. The spring breeze blew gently. The seed asked the earthworm: \"What sound is outside?\" The earthworm said: \"That's the spring breeze. The spring breeze is telling us to go outside.\" \"Is the outside so dark?\" \"No, the outside is very bright.\" The earthworm said, While drilling out, \"I'll help you loosen the soil, so you can drill out.\" The seed was very happy when listening to it, and propped herself up again. The spring breeze is singing, the spring is singing, the birds are singing, and the children are singing. Hearing the excitement outside, Seed quickly said, \"Ah, I'm going out quickly!\" Seed propped himself up again, and his eyes lit up suddenly, ah, a bright world!"}, {"nb": 1552, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 1553, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 1554, "data": "On the day the baby monkey celebrates his birthday, the baby monkey celebrates his birthday. Neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on his birthday. The silkworm girl brought her clothes made of silk. The monkey said: \"Thank you!\" The bee brought a bottle of honey that he brewed. The monkey said: \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like to eat peaches the most, but I don't accept your gifts. \"The mouse walked away."}, {"nb": 1555, "data": "Tick, tick, and rain. The seed said, \"Come on, it's on, I want to germinate.\" Li Shu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want to flower.\" Mai Mu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want Grow up. \"The child said:\" Let's go, let's go, I want to grow melon. \"Tick, tick, it's raining"}, {"nb": 1556, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 1557, "data": "The sky was dressed in black clothes, and the ground was sprinkled with silver moonlight. Dewdrop mother is worried. Where can I find so many small beds for the babies? Petals said, sleep in my house, my bed smells good again. The leaves said, sleep in my house, my bed is shaking again and again. The spider said, sleep in my house, my bed has springs. But I still have the place where the youngest baby does not sleep. Caojian'er said, sleep in my house, I happen to have a single bed. That night all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because the fear of the baby falling, the grass tip remained until dawn."}, {"nb": 1558, "data": "Snowman \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" Xiaohua took out the tool and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same courtyard to pile up the snowman. Xiaohua first piled up a big snowball with a dustpan as a snowman's body. Xiaohong took out the bamboo pole and inserted it into the snowball. This is the hand. So the fat body was done. Xiaoli piled up a small head with a dustpan, and his eyes, nose, and hat were worse. By the way, the iron bucket can be used as a hat. Xiaogang took out two small round briquettes and a carrot from his home, pressed it on the snowman's face, and drew a curved line with his finger under the snowman's nose, ha! A snowman is piled up. The little friends all laughed with joy."}, {"nb": 1559, "data": "Monkeys boil melons The fruits of the monkeys have a great harvest. On this day, the monkey holding the pumpkin is about to nibble. The little squirrel said kindly on the tree: \"Brother monkey, the pumpkin is cooked and eaten, and it is sweet and sweet.\" The monkey glared at him. \"Don't lie to me!\" The little squirrel said seriously: \"You might as well try Try, when did I lie to you? \"The monkey doubted and cooked the pumpkin and tasted it. It was really sweet and delicious, much better than raw. He said happily: \"It's true to listen to others with humility!\" The next day, the fox said to the monkey: \"Boy monkey, those watermelons and melons you planted will taste better if they are cooked and eaten!\" Start cooking watermelon. After a while, the watermelon boiled into a pot of water. The monkey cooked the melon again, and tasted it again. Only then did the monkey know that he was fooled by the fox. He said to himself: \"It's wrong not to believe in others. It's easier to be deceived if you believe in others!\""}, {"nb": 1560, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 1561, "data": "A cloud hat weather, so hot and hot. Small trees, small grass, small flowers ... are uncomfortably hot, and everyone wants to be cool. Suddenly, a black and black cloud hat floated. Who only wears a cloud hat? Xiaohua said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiao Cao said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Do n\u2019t fight, do n\u2019t fight, let \u2019s wear the sun, the sun is hotter than us! \u201dEveryone said:\u201c Okay! Good! \u201dFenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun wore a black cloud hat .. All of a sudden, the sky became cool and shady, and it rained a bit. Little tree, straightened his waist with joy. Little grass, swaying with joy. Birds, fly around, sing while flying: Friendship is really great! Friendship is really magical!"}, {"nb": 1562, "data": "It's snowing, it's snowing, it's snowing! Snow flakes fell from the sky. The snow is getting bigger and bigger, like goose feathers, like cotton wool, like white butterflies, and it looks very good. The snow stopped, the ground was white, the house was white, and the whole ground was white. The children made snowmen in the snow and played snowball fights. They are having a good time!"}, {"nb": 1563, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice field catcher, which said: \"The insect catcher: frog, toad.\" The frog became angry at first glance: \"Isn't the toad the toad that the children hate? Is it an insect catcher.\" Evening The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you are at the edge of the field all day, who said you can catch insects? Why is the toad on the honor list also an expert in catching insects? I work hard every day to catch insects, I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile;\" You catch insects during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the grass. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's coming to the night shift!\" Toad began to catch insects, one after another. At first glance, the frog understood that he had blamed the toad by mistake, and the frog lowered his head embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 1564, "data": "Xiaoshanquan said, \"Wow, hare, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of my water storage is to make people use it and quench their thirst. If I am idle all day long and no one needs me, then it is unfortunate!\""}, {"nb": 1565, "data": "In my little paradise this summer, my dad built a small flower house with many flowers in it, including camellia, rudbeckia, pomegranate, wenzhu, cactus ... the most are azaleas. Dad also built a small pool in the flower room. My father and I caught many small fish in the small river and put them in the pond. I often feed them. As soon as I put the rice grains in the pool, the little fish will swim over and grab the rice grains away at once."}, {"nb": 1566, "data": "Ronaldinho Ronaldinho is a smart boy. He always thinks and thinks about everything he does. When painting, he thought while painting, how to paint like this. When writing, he remembered while thinking, what strokes were up, down, left, and right. After writing the essay, he likes to think quietly and always likes to use the words and sentences he has read to find ways to use it. Therefore, he is often praised by his teachers, and everyone praises his cleverness."}, {"nb": 1567, "data": "Promise to the stars The stars have their small eyes open and hung on the black velvet, sparkling, do you look down from above to see if I am pure? The stars with their small eyes open, shining in the tranquil sky, you are in the high places, saying I am kind? The stars have their small eyes open and their eyelashes blink more than once. Why do you have so many colors, blue, red, and purple? Curious little eyes, open all night without sleeping, rosy dawn, why wipe you out? The little eyes of the stars shed tears or dewdrops. You are shaking all the time, is it because of the cold? The little eyes of the stars, I assure you: you look at me, I will always be innocent."}, {"nb": 1568, "data": "Treasures forever when I was young, I didn't even know that there was Mother's Day. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for children to express their gratitude to their mothers, and thank them for giving birth, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to use red paper to cut a \"heart\" and write your name on it and give it to mom. That day, my mother happened to be back from abroad. My father and I went to the airport to meet her. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take the gift out; my father reminded me next to me that I gave my mother the heart. I said to my mother: \"Mother, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother hugged me and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in my eyes. Mother put the \"heart\" in her box and kept it until now. No matter where her mother is, this \"heart\" always accompanies her. I deeply feel: my little intention brings happiness to my mother and makes her treasure forever."}, {"nb": 1569, "data": "What is the New Year? I had a dream. I got on a spaceship and traveled. I asked the stars: \"What is the new year?\" The stars said in a low voice: \"The new year is the new clothes and new hats.\" The moon said loudly: \"The new year is candy and toys.\" The sun said with a smile: \"The new year is happy, the new year is progress \"I understand, the new year is coming, and I grew up a year old. I will be more sensible and competent!"}, {"nb": 1570, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 1571, "data": "Happy little snail. I am a happy little snail. My shell is my house. I take it with me in the green fields every day. There are tender green grass, sweet dew, and dragonflies and butterflies playing with me. My favorite is the rainy day, because the humid environment makes me feel particularly comfortable. After the rain clears, children can often see me when they come out to play. At this time, I may drink dew slowly on the blades of grass, stretch out on the ground to breathe the fresh air, or stand on the sunflower to enjoy the scenery in the distance ... I like my life very much. Once, I climbed hard to the tree and saw a park not far away. There are bright flowers in the park, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children. The children are playing happily, chasing each other, and there is a continuous burst of joyful laughter. I secretly thought: Although I climb slowly, I must climb hard. If I can go to the park and play with the children, then I will be happier!"}, {"nb": 1572, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bees are really hardworking. They came to the garden early in the morning to gather nectar. It flew from flower to flower to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee: \"Resume for a while, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"Is it noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big clock here Ah! \"The little bee looked around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower plate. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one flower was blooming. The lark said: \"This kind of flower is called\" noon flower \". She only opened it at noon. She is blooming at noon, of course!\" The little bee asked, \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" The lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three o'clock in the morning, petunias generally bloom at four o'clock, roses bloom at five o'clock, solanum flowers bloom at six o'clock, peony flowers open at seven o'clock, lotus flowers It opens at 8 o'clock and at 10 o'clock is the Scutellaria barbata. \"\" There is no alarm clock, the biological clock in their body wakes them up! \"\" I learned a way to master time again! \"The little bee said happily."}, {"nb": 1573, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 1574, "data": "The animal weather station for the examination before the rain is about to be enrolled. The examiner is Dr. Frog. The sun is empty, the sky is full of white clouds, and the frog asks the candidates: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer is tortoise. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I feel that my back is getting wet. It's raining in the afternoon.\" The frog said: \"The turtle's back is wet and it rains. You're right.\" The ants said to the frog with their luggage: \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the raindrops followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog and said to the ground:\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" Good The swallows fly low, and heavy rain is coming. \"So, they were all admitted."}, {"nb": 1575, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 1576, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 1577, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1578, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1579, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 1580, "data": "Blue dragonfly and fat frog A blue dragonfly stopped on a lotus leaf. He was thinking about something. A fat frog didn't see the blue dragonfly. He jumped hard on the lotus leaf. The blue dragonfly flew with fright. The fat frog was very embarrassed. He said, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!\" The blue dragonfly was not angry. He said, \"Little frog, I would love to make friends with you.\" \"Why?\" Asked the little frog strangely. \"Because you know how to be polite.\" The blue dragonfly flew to the fat frog. \"Thank you, I am also very willing to make friends with you!\" The fat frog said with a smile, \"You are not angry with me, forgive me, which makes me very happy.\" In this way, the blue dragonfly and the little frog became good friends ."}, {"nb": 1581, "data": "The animal weather station for the examination before the rain is about to be enrolled. The examiner is Dr. Frog. The sun is empty, the sky is full of white clouds, and the frog asks the candidates: Will it rain in the afternoon? The first answer is tortoise. It said: \"I'm a cold-blooded animal, and I feel that my back is getting wet. It's raining in the afternoon.\" The frog said: \"The turtle's back is wet and it rains. You're right.\" The ants said to the frog with their luggage: \"Lord Mr. Examiner, I think there must be rain in the afternoon. \"The frog said,\" Yes, the ants moved, and the raindrops followed. \"At this time, the swallow flew to the frog and said to the ground:\" There is rain in the afternoon. \"The frog nodded:\" Good The swallows fly low, and heavy rain is coming. \"So, they were all admitted."}, {"nb": 1582, "data": "The little seagull is like a hardworking bee collecting honey on the snowy waves. Like a silvery white butterfly, flying on the deep blue grass beach. Look, the naughty seagull is playing games with the spray! There are no big trees, no flowers, and no golden houses in the sea, at night. Where do they live? Mother said, \"The sea is their home.\""}, {"nb": 1583, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 1584, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 1585, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 1586, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 1587, "data": "The lion is king in the forest. Specially catch small animals to eat. The squirrel said, \"It ate my tail.\" The rabbit said, \"It ate my little brother.\" The little monkey said, \"There must be some way to cure it.\" One day, the little monkey said to the lion, \"There is by the river The big lion wants to eat you. \"The lion walked over to the river and saw that there was a fierce big lion. It jumped up and rushed into the river."}, {"nb": 1588, "data": "I am a snowman. Winter is here and I appear again. The children like me and are always with me. The weather was very cold, and the bird came to me and stood on my head. I am not afraid of the cold, but only of the heat. As soon as the sun comes out, I will disappear."}, {"nb": 1589, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 1590, "data": "The storm was blowing, and the rain was falling down. Looking up close, there is not even a single figure on the street. The white flowers are all water, and they have become a flowing river. There are countless splashes of water on it. From a distance, the buildings and trees are vague."}, {"nb": 1591, "data": "The colorful \"June 1\" festival is today the \"June 1\" International Children's Day and it is our own festival. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags flutter around the school, the students are all energetic, the bright red scarves are particularly dazzling, and the laughter goes straight to the sky. The wonderful program began. See, the trumpeter and the drummer each have their own postures, and each has their own blowing and playing styles. The wonderful programs one after another, the little singers let go of their bright singing voices, and the beautiful songs spread all over the campus. The little girls were dancing in beautiful dresses, the audience watched with relish, and bursts of warm applause burst from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over, the campus gradually recovered calm, and we left the campus reluctantly."}, {"nb": 1592, "data": "Tree family I walk into the world of the forest. I have never seen so many trees: there are red pine, lime tree, willow, birch ... they form a big and harmonious family. Red pine, like a kind grandpa, linden tree, like a burly dad, willow tree, like a beautiful mother, and little birch, like a smart sister. Walking into the tree's family, I think of my home."}, {"nb": 1593, "data": "The little painter in the snow is snowing! It's snowing! A group of small painters came in the snow. Chicks paint bamboo leaves, puppies paint plum blossoms, ducks paint maple leaves, and ponies paint crescents. Without paint, without a paintbrush, a picture can be made in a few steps. Why didn't the frog participate? It hid in the hole to sleep!"}, {"nb": 1594, "data": "She quickly wiped a large set of matches to keep her grandmother. A large set of matches emits a strong light, which shines as brightly as during the day. Grandma has never been as tall and beautiful as it is now. Grandma picked up the little girl and hugged her in her arms. The two of them flew away in the bright light of joy, flying higher and higher, to a place where there was no hunger, no cold, and no pain."}, {"nb": 1595, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1596, "data": "The little seagull is like a hardworking bee collecting honey on the snowy waves. Like a silvery white butterfly, flying on the deep blue grass beach. Look, the naughty seagull is playing games with the spray! There are no big trees, no flowers, and no golden houses in the sea, at night. Where do they live? Mother said, \"The sea is their home.\""}, {"nb": 1597, "data": "Summer nights are so beautiful. Summer nights are quiet in the park. In the pool, the water lily had just closed her eyes and was awakened by the wailing cry. She opened her eyes and saw that an ant was lying on a grass. The water lily asked, \"Little Ant, what's the matter with you?\" The little ant said, \"I accidentally fell into the pond and couldn't reach the shore!\" \"Come on!\" The water lily bent over and let him climb up. The little ant was very grateful and said repeatedly, \"Thank you, Aunt Lily.\" The water lily said, \"I will stay here tonight! You see, how beautiful the summer night is!\" The little ant shook his head and said, \"I have to Go home. Otherwise, Mom and Dad will be anxious. \"Their words let the dragonfly resting on the water lily leaf hear. He asked: \"Water Lily Girl, what's the matter?\" \"The little ants want to go home, but I can't send him.\" Dragonfly said: \"Let me send the little ants!\" The water lily asked: \"It's so dark, you Can it be done? \"At this time, a firefly came and said,\" I will illuminate you. \"The little ant climbed on the\" plane \"and the dragonfly took off. Fireflies lit a small lantern in front. The dragonfly flies, flies over the green rockery, flies over the green lawn, flies to a flower bed, and the little ants arrive home. The stars saw it and blinked happily. Oh, what a beautiful summer night!"}, {"nb": 1598, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 1599, "data": "The bear met the younger sister on the bridge. It carried the younger sister across the bridge. The bear met the father-in-law on the bridge, and he helped the father-in-law across the bridge. The little bear met the little deer on the bridge, he quickly got down, and let the little deer jump over from it."}, {"nb": 1600, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 1601, "data": "The song written to my dad is a strong man, can stand me on my shoulder, I can see higher and farther, can hold me ram hammer upside down, it is fun to touch my head on the sofa, can hold me in my hand I am sitting on the sofa, I can pull out the \"radish\" many times, my neck is tired but I feel very irritated. My dad is a big housekeeper. I take care of it every day, and do n\u2019t let me take dirty insects home, eat me without washing my hands, keep me from watching TV every day, keep me from doing homework too close, he let I play outside with children more often, he told me to do things with my chest up, he told me to learn mathematics well, he told me to watch on both sides of the road. Dad is a hilarious pie. He ate down the window and went downstairs after dinner every day and said, \"Oh, hello! I have eaten!\" He wanted to deceive mom and me like this. Step, twisting his butt and twisting his legs, he wanted to make me and my mother laugh like this, he opened the balcony window and laughed and cried when he came back after drinking too much, and he clapped his hands \"papa\", my mom and I called him \" \"Alcohol Madman\". Dad's work is very hard, I want to be filial to him."}, {"nb": 1602, "data": "A big straw hat floated on the straw hat river. The little carp said, \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat floated forward. The little turtle is happy to probe the brain: \"I want it, I want it!\" But the straw hat is too big to wear. The duckling hurried over: \"I want, I want!\" But it took a lot of effort to hold the straw hat. They fought over their straw hats. Xianhefei said: \"This is the straw hat of Grandpa Scarecrow. Whoever throws something back should give it back to him. It's not good to grab it! Grandpa Scarecrow is waiting. Without straw hat, he will catch a cold!\" With a straw hat flying away."}, {"nb": 1603, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 1604, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 1605, "data": "The beautiful bear planted a lot of flowers in the polluted bear. The scent in the yard was fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot. On the 5th day, the bear put a pot of potted flowers on a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and send you a potted plant\" was also inserted on it. The puppy understood that today is World Environment Day, and the bear protects the environment, and I want to participate. Ding Lingling, the tricycle wore alleys, crossed the street, and the puppy ran and yelled, \"Beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" The kittens and rabbits went out after hearing that, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Aunt Monkey arrived with a basket of waste batteries, the flowers had been delivered. Aunt Monkey said with a smile, \"It doesn't matter. Caring for the environment is caring for our lives.\""}, {"nb": 1606, "data": "In the tail race forest, animals must hold a tail race. There are really a lot of animals that sign up for the competition! On the day of the game, the forest is lively! The referee, the old monkey, announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with his pointed mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped onto the pine tree to perform his own program-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped from the tree, just behind the old monkey. Next to participate in the competition are yellow cattle, swallows, capuchin monkeys ... The game is over, but the old monkey scratched his scalp and said: \"All are useful tails, who should the champion be?\""}, {"nb": 1607, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 1608, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the road are tall sycamores. The sycamore branches are connected to the branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green corridor. On both sides of the small river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin, the willow is green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees are tall and upright, with lush foliage. Fruit trees are planted around the farmyards: plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... Late spring and early summer, all kinds of fruit trees spread their leaves and grow lush, the farmhouses are hidden in the dense greenery in."}, {"nb": 1609, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountain; in the fields, the sun jumps out of the Mai Lang; in the city, the sun comes out of the gap between the buildings; in our home, the sun is squeezed from the curtains Out; in the school, the sun is called out from the children's reading."}, {"nb": 1610, "data": "The rustling footsteps of the spring girl were close. The infinitely bright spring colors on the fields dress up the river even more enchanting. The grass on the shore somehow sneaked out of the soil secretly and danced lightly in the spring breeze. The grass looked like a green carpet in the sun. The children were sitting on it, lying down, and some were rolling. The little lamb jumped beside his mother \"bleep\". On both banks of the river, rows of weeping willows, with tender green shoots, cuckoos, magpies, jumping on the branches, singing a clear and graceful song, weeping willow branches stretched into the defrosting stream, as if to wash away the cold in winter. The breeze blew, and the water surface was rippled, and the green trees and green trees reflected in the water expanded and contracted, and gathered together, and scattered, like naughty fish swimming there."}, {"nb": 1611, "data": "The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival is round. Mother said: \"The round moon is like a plate.\" Dad said: \"The round moon is like a flying saucer, followed by a group of small stars.\" I said: \"No, no! The moon is like a big moon cake, very delicious, It \u2019s very sweet, and I \u2019ll give it to you. \u201dThe moon listened to me and thought it would be eaten, and hurried into the cloud. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, and then drilled out and hung brightly in the sky."}, {"nb": 1612, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 1613, "data": "Five-star red flag, our national flag. The national anthem rises high. We stand upright and salute you."}, {"nb": 1614, "data": "Cats are experts at catching mice. Its ears are very sensitive, and it can turn around, even if it is a very small voice, it can be recognized in time. A cat has bright eyes, and a sly mouse cannot escape its eyes. The beard of a cat is like a ruler, which can measure the size of each hole. Cats have sharp claws on their paws, which can climb trees, jump walls, and hunt down mice."}, {"nb": 1615, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 1616, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 1617, "data": "In some islands in Brazil and the Pacific, a tree that bears \"bread\" grows. The bread tree is more than ten meters high, the trunk is thick, the foliage is lush, and the thick shade is like a natural pergola. Every year from July to November, the tree will bear round fruits. The fruits are big like volleyball and small like tennis. The fruit turns green when tender and turns yellow when ripe. A tree often hangs hundreds of thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread."}, {"nb": 1618, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 1619, "data": "A long time ago, people thought of the moon going up to see what was there. Finally on July 21, 1969, two American astronauts boarded the moon on the \"Apollo 11\" spacecraft, took the first step on the moon, and realized this dream of mankind."}, {"nb": 1620, "data": "Mommy Plant has a way for Dandelion Mother to prepare a parachute and give it to her doll. As long as the wind blew gently, the children set off on the wind one after another. There is a good way for mother Xuan Er. She puts her child on a barbed armor. As long as the fur of the animal is hung, the children can go to the fields and mountains. Mother Pea had a better way. She let the pods shine in the sun. With a bang, the pods exploded, and the children bounced away from their mothers."}, {"nb": 1621, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree cried out loudly: \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I'm hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you! Said the Woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm so young and strong, where are the bugs? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warn you, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no woodpecker is willing to help this tree pecker. A few years later, there were more insects in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly."}, {"nb": 1622, "data": "The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking."}, {"nb": 1623, "data": "Black Swan Black Swan heard everyone said that during the day the goose is beautiful, thinking: I was not born black, it was born white! Hi ! If only one day can change the feather with the white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night, it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. While taking advantage of the white swan's deep sleep, it quietly smeared ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, as soon as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced: \"Look, the white swan has turned black, I have turned white, the white swan is ugly, I am beautiful!\" , Laughing at the black swans one after another. The black swan was puzzled for a while. At this time, the elder sister came over and said with a long heart: \"Little girl, we usually say you are ugly and say that the white swan is beautiful, not referring to your appearance, but to your heart. Usually the white swan thinks much about everyone, this is its advantage. You think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, do n\u2019t you prove your ugliness? In fact, what is the use of smearing and disguising yourself? If you want to throw away the ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct your shortcomings. \""}, {"nb": 1624, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 1625, "data": "The cold wind of the deciduous trees was blowing in a burst, and the yellow leaves flew down gently in the cold wind. But pine trees and holly are dressed in green clothes all year round. They are very beautiful. Why is this? It turned out that the leaves of the pine tree are needles, like needles, the water will not slip away from the leaves, they are not afraid of lack of water, so they do not need to fall leaves. The leaves of Holly are broad, and the leaves are covered with a layer of wax-like things, and the moisture will not slip away, so they do not decay in winter. In fact, they are sometimes falling leaves, and only careless children say that they will not fall leaves. After they have fallen leaves, new leaves will continue to grow."}, {"nb": 1626, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 1627, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 1628, "data": "When Nang Ying was studying in the Jin Dynasty, Che Yin was tireless in learning, but his family was poor and his father could not provide him with good learning conditions. Without money to buy oil lamps, he can only recite poems at night. One night, he was reading articles in the yard. Suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude, and he had an idea. So he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket sewed with white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book. The story of \"Capsule Reading\" is passed on to future generations as a story."}, {"nb": 1629, "data": "In the pool, the lotus closed its beautiful eyes, and a dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf. In the grass, the frog sang screaming, and the bells were ringing. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes."}, {"nb": 1630, "data": "In the early winter of Mist Girl, Mist Girl flew around with a white yarn around her. She came to a beautiful garden and covered the flowers with layers of white gauze. The flowers said, \"Thank you, Mist Girl, we are thirsty, and you brought us dew.\" Mist Girl came to the winding road again. She thought: Let me dress up the road. She draped the white gauze one by one on the road, he thought the road was more beautiful. But the highway said: \"Mist Girl, don't do this, the car sister will have an opinion.\" Sure enough, the voice of the car sister came: \"Mist Girl, your kindness will make me see the road, you should go back!\" The girl was uncomfortable and wailed, and her tears fell on the ground. At this time, Father Sun came out. He stretched out two warm big hands to help Wuwu girl wipe away her tears, comforting her and saying, \"Child, you should rest!\" Wuqi girl hugged the white gauze and flew away with a smile."}, {"nb": 1631, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a group of white geese. The sun reflected in the pond, like a bright red balloon. The crescent moon is reflected in the pond, like a crooked boat. The stars are reflected in the pond like many shiny pearls."}, {"nb": 1632, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 1633, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1634, "data": "Dandelion's umbrella Dandelion is as white as snowflakes and as light as cotton wool. How beautiful it is, your little flying umbrella! Alas, it is a pity that your umbrella is too small. Otherwise, you can take me, take my little deer, fly, fly, fly over wide rivers, fly over high mountains, fly to grandma's house, and have a happy Sunday!"}, {"nb": 1635, "data": "The blue sky is high and the blue sky is big. The blue sky is a good mother for birds. The sea is deep, the sea is big, and the sea is a good mother for fish. Motherland is beautiful, motherland is big, motherland is our good mother."}, {"nb": 1636, "data": "Love mother, little fish, is the doll of the sea, he loves the mother of the sea; little bird, is the doll of the forest, he loves the forest mother; little stars, is the doll of the blue sky, he loves the mother of the blue sky, children, is the doll of the motherland, He loves motherland mother."}, {"nb": 1637, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 1638, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 1639, "data": "A beauty contest is being held in the beauty contest forest. Miss Duck quickly put on a pair of small red leather shoes and ran to \"Plop\". She fell down. At this moment, the little frog was coated with a layer of white powder, Miss Crow was dressed with colorful peacock feathers, and Miss Cat was wearing a pink dress and took to the stage. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the stage with bare feet. In the end, Miss Duck won the first place."}, {"nb": 1640, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1641, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family. It spent three springs and autumns with me and formed a profound friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird, its shape is very beautiful, brownish yellow pointed mouth, pink tongue, eyes flicker like two stars. The feathers on the head and body are blue and black. The black hair on the wings carries a few long feathers. The feathers on the belly are white. The beautiful long tail always tilts upwards."}, {"nb": 1642, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up. Mother Bear took the bear to collect the vegetables. They walked into the turnip field, and Mother Bear pulled out a big turnip. The bear will eat the leaves of the radish. Mother Bear said: Don't eat the leaves, eat the roots. Remember, the roots of radish are the most delicious. They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said: Remember, the roots of cabbage are not delicious, but the leaves are delicious! They walked into the tomato field, and the bear wanted to eat the leaves of the tomato. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, you can't eat the leaves of a tomato. You must eat its fruits.\" The bear said to his mother: Mother, I am so happy to learn so much knowledge today!"}, {"nb": 1643, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 1644, "data": "Among the many animals, there are four kinds of animals that look like our humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees, and gibbons. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. Therefore, scientists call them apes."}, {"nb": 1645, "data": "Mother is a mountain, tall and steady. Mountain, beauty, tenderness. Mother is a mountain. My mother is a mountain, and I am a tree. The mountain nurtures the tree. My mother loves me very much, love deeply, love really. She was like a mountain, and she did not hesitate to use the trickle of her life to nourish me who is thirsty-a small tree that made me grow leafy. My mother is a mountain, I am a tree, and the mountain cares about the tree. Mother 's bright eyes are always watching me with concern. These eyes are full of love, full of warmth, give me comfort, give me hope, give me strength, let me change from cowardice to strong, from childish to mature."}, {"nb": 1646, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 1647, "data": "The sun slowly sinks. Its round face turned red, and the clouds around it were dyed yellow, red, purple ..."}, {"nb": 1648, "data": "Changing hands Silk flower expert Every morning, when the music of sunshine sports sounds, the students of every class will rush to the school playground in a hurry. When you pass a small playground, you will always see a blooming flower dancing in the breeze. Who is under this flower? She is Xu Zhuomin in our class. Xu Zhuomin's silk flowers are very powerful. I call her a little expert at changing hands and silk flowers. Not only will she turn her left hand, but she will also hold it up, even if she does not make a mistake even if she does it twice. She is indeed a little expert in silk flowers in my mind."}, {"nb": 1649, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1650, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 1651, "data": "In the morning when the sun was in the fog, I just ran up and hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog is really big, and the thick fog in the sky makes the earth vague and a piece of dim. After a while, the eastern sun slowly rose. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, not dazzling at all. The fog rises slowly under the sun, and the rise gradually dissipates. The sun rises and rises slowly, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the blades of grass shines like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays of light, so that a few white clouds floating in mid-air become golden in a flash. After a while, it was dyed rose again. In the east, half of the sky is stained red. The scenery is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1652, "data": "There are many, many useful small animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let's take a look at the dragonfly first! Look, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, which is really like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its figure is thin and long and really slim. Not only does it eat pests, but it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it shows that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! Look, there is a little swallow in the sky that is busy catching flying insects! The swallow is dressed in a black tuxedo. The tail is like a pair of small scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it flies low. Quack quack quack quack quack, who is coming Oh, it turned out to be a little frog. It bulged with a pair of big eyes, dressed in turquoise and green clothes, and exposed the belly of snow-white snow-white, very cute. It can eat thousands of pests in a year. It is a good helper to protect crops. There are so many useful little animals around us! We must protect those lovely little lives well!"}, {"nb": 1653, "data": "In early spring, the earth awakened from a deep sleep. There was a scent of mud in the fields; the grass spewed out tender young sprouts, peering curiously at the world; the girls wore magnificent clothes and sang happily on the green grass. Wan Mu fought for the spring, the creeks clashed, and jade-like carpets were spread on both sides. Looking up and looking, nature is full of life, intoxicating and fascinating."}, {"nb": 1654, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 1655, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 1656, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 1657, "data": "Little sparrow's ambitions Little sparrows have a lot of fantasies, but they don't know what they can do, they can't make up their minds. He thought, as a singer, he stood on a branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how he practiced, there was no Lark Bird's sister singing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the house all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot or a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persevere. It felt very sad that it couldn't do anything. Mother said to it: \"Child, your ambitions are very good, but you don't have longevity, you must have a goal in life, and after setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. If you always give up halfway, then forever Can't succeed! \""}, {"nb": 1658, "data": "The wind doll is entangled with grandpa Willow to tell a story. Grandpa Willow said when he was happy, he bent down with a smile: \"Ha ha ha ...\" You see, you see-there are two leaves of willow floating down, Grandpa Willow laughed off his teeth!"}, {"nb": 1659, "data": "In the early winter morning, there was a thick fog. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct. The sun is like a red ball, rising slowly, emitting a faint light, not dazzling at all. The crops in the field are all harvested. People are busy harvesting cabbage in the garden. The fog slowly dissipated and the sun shone out. The towers and hills in the distance can be seen. The fields and woods nearby can also be seen clearly. Many persimmons hang on the persimmon trees, like red lanterns one by one. A thick layer of yellow leaves fell in the woods. Only the pine and cypress trees were not afraid of the cold, but still so green."}, {"nb": 1660, "data": "I like rain. The rain in spring germinated the seeds, and a piece of pink willow green on the earth. The rain in summer bathes the earth, and people feel very cool. The rain in autumn put the golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible, just like someone in the sky poured down pot after pot of water, washed down the road, and washed the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people, and sometimes brings disasters to people."}, {"nb": 1661, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 1662, "data": "On the day of carrying the water, the mother didn't call, and the mother got up. She gently pushed open the door, and saw a figure in the hazy night, pouring the water into the water tank with difficulty carrying the bucket. The mother hurried over to take a look, it turned out to be her son Zhu De. The mother felt Zhu De's tender shoulders for a while and felt sad. \"Mother, don't worry, I can do it!\" As he said, Zhu De picked up the bucket again and walked out of the kitchen. Looking at the back of the sensible child, the mother thought: \"It's really happy to be so considerate to elders and hard-working at such a young age!\""}, {"nb": 1663, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1664, "data": "Musical notes of spring When the wild flowers of the mountains are singing, and the crystal dewdrops just opened their eyes, the children found a group of amber pearl-like tadpoles in the pond by the village. They swim lively and happily, just like the little notes on the staff. Little tadpoles, are you playing spring music?"}, {"nb": 1665, "data": "Chun Chun awakened Chun Chun with a loud thunder. They broke through the soil, overturned the stones, and emerged one by one from the ground. The spring bamboo shoots are wrapped in a light brown coat, like a tender baby. They greet the spring breeze, laugh in the sun, and grow in the spring rain. Section by section, section by section, section by section. Go up, go up, go up again."}, {"nb": 1666, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1667, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 1668, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 1669, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up. Mother Bear took the bear to collect the vegetables. They walked into the turnip field, and Mother Bear pulled out a big turnip. The bear will eat the leaves of the radish. Mother Bear said: Don't eat the leaves, eat the roots. Remember, the roots of radish are the most delicious. They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said: Remember, the roots of cabbage are not delicious, but the leaves are delicious! They walked into the tomato field, and the bear wanted to eat the leaves of the tomato. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, you can't eat the leaves of a tomato. You must eat its fruits.\" The bear said to his mother: Mother, I am so happy to learn so much knowledge today!"}, {"nb": 1670, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 1671, "data": "Kittens, puppies, and pigs are painting together. The little cat drew a sun, drew a house, drew a big tree, and a little bird stopped on the tree. It said to the little pig: \"Look, I can draw anything!\" The little pig said: \"You are so smart.\" But the puppy said: \"Can you paint the wind? The wind, you can't see it, you can't touch it. No one can draw it. \"The kitten picked up the pen and gently tapped her lips, blinked her eyes, thought for a while, and said,\" I can! \"It was next to the sun, and a white cloud was painted on the house, saying:\" The white cloud is floating in the sky, Did n\u2019t the wind blow? The wind, it \u2019s drawn! \""}, {"nb": 1672, "data": "There is a little tiger in the forest than before, he thinks he is the king of the forest, he has the greatest ability, and he is proud all day long. The ostrich said dissatisfiedly: \"Let's run than run.\" I saw the ostrich running towards the finish like an arrow. The little ostrich won in the cry of the little animals. The little tiger touched his head, and he could not believe that this was true. At this moment, the little monkey climbed down from the tree and said, \"Let's compare it to climbing a tree?\" In the cheering of the little animals, the little monkey climbed to the tree quickly. It also mischievously grimaced at the little tiger under the tree. The little tiger said angrily: \"We are better than running and climbing trees, it is better than swimming.\" The animals came to the river, and the little fish said: \"Let me compare with you.\" He lowered his head, sneaked away, and the animals smiled happily."}, {"nb": 1673, "data": "Autumn rain is long. The silent rain silk washed everything on the ground brightly, and even the fallen leaves on the ground were coated with a layer of gold. A pair of little feet wearing colored rubber shoes, walking on the road covered with gold leaves, came out of a line of colored poems. A small umbrella full of flowers floats on the road covered with gold leaves into a beautiful song."}, {"nb": 1674, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 1675, "data": "Several animals in the zoo are playing the seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The little squirrel cannot raise the sika deer. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot lift the red panda. The little squirrel plays with the little monkey. The little squirrel cannot lift the little monkey up. The sika deer plays with the red panda, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the heaviest?"}, {"nb": 1676, "data": "The girl in the sky likes to wear colorful clothes. In the morning, Miss Yun was wearing a white dress. In the evening, Miss Yun put on a red dress. When it was going to rain, Cloud Girl was wearing a black dress."}, {"nb": 1677, "data": "The mother Bunny without skills has four children. One day, she gave an assignment to her four children, and gave each child a piece of paper, asking them to use their own brains and use this piece of paper to do something meaningful. Xiao Hui found a brush to write on the paper. Behind him, Xiaoqing thought, \"Will I be able to write? Let's do something else.\" Xiaohong knelt on the ground and drew on paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought, \"I can't paint well, so I'll do something else.\" Little Black has folded a small bird out of paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought: I still won't break it, there is no way. As a result, Xiao Qingdong looked at it, West looked at it, and when her mother came to check it, she did nothing ..."}, {"nb": 1678, "data": "Suddenly, the workers stopped and placed the drain on the ground. A tall oak tree stood upright where this road should extend. It is so sturdy, strong, and upright, just like the sentinel in the grassland."}, {"nb": 1679, "data": "Spring is here, the gentle spring breeze touches the hill, the hill holds beautiful flowers; touch the field, the field presents the green grass; touch the river, the river chants the song of the mountain ... The magic hand of spring breeze, Also help children take off the thick cotton jacket, let them laugh and run on the spring ground ..."}, {"nb": 1680, "data": "The Banana Forest Primary School held an intellectual contest, and many animals came to participate. The elephant teacher came up with a question: How did the three people eat two bananas in a short time? The Gray Wolf, Fox and Goat teams finished the answer first. They are divided like this. The Gray Wolves cut two bananas from the middle, and each person ate half of the bananas. The remaining half were thrown away. No one wants to find it back. The gray wolf thinks this is the fairest. The Foxes simply peeled both bananas. You bite and I bite and eat. After the bananas are eaten, it is fair to say that everyone is within one bite. What about the goats? Also cut the banana in the middle and give it to the elephant teacher first half, and the rest will eat half each. Smart children, which team do you think won the first place?"}, {"nb": 1681, "data": "The colorful \"June 1\" festival is today the \"June 1\" International Children's Day and it is our own festival. In the morning, our school organized a \"June 1\" celebration. Look, the colorful flags flutter around the school, the students are all energetic, the bright red scarves are particularly dazzling, and the laughter goes straight to the sky. The wonderful program began. See, the trumpeter and the drummer each have their own postures, and each has their own blowing and playing styles. The wonderful programs one after another, the little singers let go of their bright singing voices, and the beautiful songs spread all over the campus. The little girls were dancing in beautiful dresses, the audience watched with relish, and bursts of warm applause burst from time to time. Unconsciously, the show was over, the campus gradually recovered calm, and we left the campus reluctantly."}, {"nb": 1682, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 1683, "data": "Dad said: \"This chubby little hand took slippers for me!\" Mom came back from work, saw the painting, and said with a smile: \"This chubby little hand washed my handkerchief for me!\" Grandma came out of the kitchen and saw the painting at a glance Put on the ruddy little hand and say, \"This chubby little hand tickled me!\""}, {"nb": 1684, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 1685, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 1686, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 1687, "data": "Autumn dolls write letters Autumn dolls, kindhearted, picking leaves to write letters busy. To whom, to the wild goose, set off for the south. To whom, to the squirrel, prepare winter food quickly. Write to whom, and give the badger a quick hole to build a new house. Write to whom, give you me, wear more clothes and don't catch cold. Write here, write there, the yellow leaves and red leaves are all written."}, {"nb": 1688, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white face sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, grabbed a handful of snow on the ground, and stared at it for a long time. \"No, it's not white flour!\" Another girl said: \"It's cotton, my grandfather said.\" \"It's Baiyun girl who is afraid of frost-breaking wheat seedlings. She sent thick quilts to the wheat field.\" \"A round-faced child waved his hands again and again,\" My mother said, snowflakes are the petals that Sister Chun sown from the sky, the petals fall, and spring is coming! \""}, {"nb": 1689, "data": "I saw a butterfly flying down from the tree. When caught, it was a yellow leaf. I went to the field to pick flowers. The beautiful flowers were colorful. I gently picked one, and the flower flapped its wings. It turned out to be a beautiful butterfly."}, {"nb": 1690, "data": "To help others is to help yourself. A businessman is walking carefully on a dark road, regretting why he didn't bring a lighting tool when he went out. Suddenly, a little light appeared in front of him, and he gradually approached. The lights illuminate the nearby road, and the merchant walks along the road a little smoother. When he approached the light, he realized that the man walking with the lantern turned out to be a blind man who was blind with both eyes. The businessman asked the blind man very strangely, \"Why are you playing lanterns? Are you afraid of wasting lamp oil?\" After hearing the question, the blind man replied slowly: \"I didn't play lanterns for others, but It \u2019s because walking in the dark, people often ca n\u2019t see me, and I can easily be hit by someone. And I walk with a lantern. Although the light ca n\u2019t help me see the way ahead, it can let others see me. Will not be hit by anyone. \""}, {"nb": 1691, "data": "My aunt sent me a bird with green feathers and yellow mouth, and two eyes flickering, very cute. I put it in a cage, gave it food, and gave it water, but it didn't move at all. I'm in a hurry, I don't know what to do."}, {"nb": 1692, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 1693, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bees are really hardworking. They came to the garden early in the morning to gather nectar. It flew from flower to flower to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee: \"Resume for a while, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"Is it noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big clock here Ah! \"The little bee looked around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower plate. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one flower was blooming. The lark said: \"This kind of flower is called\" noon flower \". She only opened it at noon. She is blooming at noon, of course!\" The little bee asked, \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" The lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three o'clock in the morning, petunias generally bloom at four o'clock, roses bloom at five o'clock, solanum flowers bloom at six o'clock, peony flowers open at seven o'clock, lotus flowers It opens at 8 o'clock and at 10 o'clock is the Scutellaria barbata. \"\" There is no alarm clock, the biological clock in their body wakes them up! \"\" I learned a way to master time again! \"The little bee said happily."}, {"nb": 1694, "data": "The Yangtze River \u2014 the largest river in the motherland Our great motherland has many rivers and rivers. They are like the blood vessels in the motherland of the motherland, bringing the life force to the motherland. Child, do you know? Of the thousands of rivers in the motherland, which one is the longest? The longest river in the motherland is the Yangtze River. It starts from Tanggula Mountain in Qinghai Province in the northwest of the motherland, flows through 11 provinces, cities and autonomous regions and flows into the East China Sea. The Yangtze River is more than 6,300 kilometers long. The Yangtze River in Wanli is the largest river in the motherland and a famous river in the world."}, {"nb": 1695, "data": "Winter is a magician. He screamed, and the scarf, the cotton coat, and the gloves all ran out of the closet, and the people on the street became fat."}, {"nb": 1696, "data": "I have ten small fish made of wax. Some of these small wax fishes have white bodies and sky blue patterns; some have red bodies and yellow patterns; others have a piece of green on the whole body, which is really beautiful."}, {"nb": 1697, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel is a beautiful little animal. It has flexible limbs and agile movements, always jumping on branches, chasing and playing with each other. On the delicate little face, a pair of sparkling little eyes were embedded, turning cautiously. The grayish-brown hair on the body is as smooth as oil, and it feels delicate and soft to the touch. A big fluffy tail is always upturned, and it looks extra beautiful."}, {"nb": 1698, "data": "Little Turtledove is very lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked Pulsatilla: \"Grandpa Pulsatilla, who can make friends with me?\" Pulsatilla said: \"You can go to make friends with magpie, he is enthusiastic and kind!\" Little Turtle said shamefully: \"I took over his Nest, he will not be good to me. \"Pulsatilla said:\" You can go to make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive me Mine. \"Pulsatilla thought for a while, and then said:\" So, you try to find a little sparrow, he is naive and lively! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, He pecked him with blood, \"Baitou Weng sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others, who wants to be your friend? \""}, {"nb": 1699, "data": "Avanti eats watermelon. Several people want to tease Avanti. Ask Avanti to eat watermelon. Avanti and they ate and laughed as they ate watermelon. Those people secretly left Guapi behind Avanti. After eating watermelon, one person pointed to the pile of melon skins behind Afanti and said, \"Oh, so many melon skins, how much watermelon Afanti ate! He must be greedy!\" These people laughed. stand up. Avanti said without hesitation: \"It seems that I'm not as greedy as you. How could you even eat the melon peel?\""}, {"nb": 1700, "data": "The giant panda has a fat body, a short tail, and a thick and smooth coat. Its limbs and shoulders are black, and its body and head are white. The most amusing thing is the pair of round dark circles, the pair of furry black ears."}, {"nb": 1701, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 1702, "data": "The children in their hometown love their hometown. They drew their beautiful hometown with paintbrushes. Yangyang's hometown is by the sea, and the sea he painted is so blue. The hometown of the mountains is in the mountains, the mountains he painted are so high, and the water is so clear. The plain hometown is on the plains, the plains he painted are so beautiful, golden rice, white cotton, and a large green vegetable field. The original hometown is the grassland. The grassland he painted can't be seen at a glance. The grass grows very high."}, {"nb": 1703, "data": "In the summer quietly, quietly, like a lively green kid who loves climbing poles, he stretches his calves and crawls everywhere. Climb, climb, add green leaves to the tree. Climb, climb, put the green grapes on the grape shelf. Climb, climb, give the wall, round the green vine. Climb, climb, put on a small hillside, put on a green dress ... People love to praise him this way: This green kid is really hardworking! They didn't see him, they couldn't touch him, but we did know that he was here! \u2014\u2014 What a cool green color he brought us! The student who often reads books in a window covered with greenery gives him a name and says his name, it is called \"Summer\"."}, {"nb": 1704, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 1705, "data": "The autumn wind looks like a huge paintbrush. It painted the sky blue, dyed the rice fields a golden yellow, painted sorghum as a burning torch, painted persimmon as a small red light, and portrayed the willow leaves like swinging naughty kids . You see, the leaves that swing on the swing sway with the wind, and then flutter to the ground lightly."}, {"nb": 1706, "data": "On the day the baby monkey celebrates his birthday, the baby monkey celebrates his birthday. Neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on his birthday. The silkworm girl brought her clothes made of silk. The monkey said: \"Thank you!\" The bee brought a bottle of honey that he brewed. The monkey said: \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like to eat peaches the most, but I don't accept your gifts. \"The mouse walked away."}, {"nb": 1707, "data": "An artificial satellite is a star created according to people's needs. It has several kinds of skills. Communication satellites can broadcast daily TV news programs. Navigation satellites can determine the direction of navigation. There is also a meteorological satellite that can take pictures of meteorological clouds on the earth, allowing various places to make accurate weather forecasts."}, {"nb": 1708, "data": "Little Monkey Learning Skills On Sunday, the little monkey did not know what to do, so he went to the Little White Rabbit underground railway. When he saw the little white rabbit writing at home, he found it very interesting and decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me how to write essays?\" Little white rabbit said: \"Okay, you go home and practice by yourself!\" The little monkey returned home and took out a pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone outside playing the trumpet. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Xiong. The monkey again found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this line. It blows and blows, and it always doesn't blow, so it doesn't want to learn again. At this moment, it saw Sister Xiaolu practicing running again, running fast! It decided to learn to run again. However, I ran a few times and felt too tired to learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy are the three little friends! But the monkey didn't learn anything."}, {"nb": 1709, "data": "Plants also have to sleep. Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also have to sleep. Under the sunshine of the red clover, three small leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing refreshed; at night, the three small leaves are closed together, as if the eyes are closed. In the sunny day, the family stretches out the leaves and looks happy, the night falls, the leaves are joined together in pairs, and they have a good night's sleep. The water lily, when the morning of the day came, slowly opened its petals, revealing a charming smile. As the sun sets, the water lily gradually closes its petals and enters dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent freezing, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep."}, {"nb": 1710, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is here, the flowers show a small face, and the grass stretches its waist. Spring is here, spring is here, the swallows build a new nest, and the magpies whisper."}, {"nb": 1711, "data": "Girl Qiu flew into the garden with pride, and said to many flowers: \"Your flowering season is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on you to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, all kinds of chrysanthemums bloom in the garden Yes, there are yellows, there are whites ... The autumn girl came to the grass happily and said to the grass: \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I want to put on my cypress friends The wind is cold. \"So the grass was yellow and the cypresses on the campus and the road were greener. The autumn girl came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and geese to say, \"Hurry up and prepare, go to the south!\" So, the little swallows and geese flew in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 1712, "data": "Pear, pour ... The rain in spring falls at night and stops at dawn. The rain in spring is a thump: dong dong, dong dong! Beating the large banana leaves, the sound is so sweet and crisp. The rain in spring is the keys: Dingdong, Dingdong! The calm Koike was struck, and the sound was so gentle and pleasant. The rain in spring is the paint: it stains the green grass and leaves, and reddens the wildflowers and mangosteens. The rain in spring is a lullaby: the children have just woken up from their dreams and walked into another sweet dream."}, {"nb": 1713, "data": "A flock of flies and mosquitoes fluttered on the garbage dump, and another group of mosquitoes flew from somewhere. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump for a day. The fly said aloud: \"Hey, little mosquito, our family of flies is so powerful. Every one of us has two names. When we were kids, we were called maggots. When we grew up, we were called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply: \"I thought What's so great about you, don't you just have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. When I was young, I was called moor, and when I grew up, I called mosquitoes. Great! We all have two names. \"When they were smug, a Miaomiao children's team came and he was holding a\" radar \"spray at them.\" Flapping \", the mosquito flies were all dead. Empty."}, {"nb": 1714, "data": "The little fireflies of summer night, flying low on the grass of summer night, carrying a small red light, attentively watching this world of flowers and plants. Fireflies, don't you think your lights are too small? Don't you think you are burning yourself? The firefly didn't answer. It was still flying around, carrying its beautiful red light burning with life, flying among the thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1715, "data": "There are three little goldfish that are very beautiful. They think it is very boring to swim in the water every day. So, they decided to learn a little. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was bitten by a hermit crab and learned a lesson before it began to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"scavenger\" (a nickname for a fish) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so he decided to learn this line. At first it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long to get bored. It said, \"I can't stand the backache every day after cleaning the environment.\" In the end, I could only give up halfway. Article 3: The naughty little goldfish learns to swim with the swordfish. When the swordfish just talked about the essentials of learning to swim, it swam away impatiently, thinking to myself: I have learned these things long before, and there is nothing to learn. A month later, the blister-eyed little goldfish learned something, while the other two little goldfish could only swim around without success."}, {"nb": 1716, "data": "The dawn is not yet bright, the ground is still awake, and the moon and stars here have not yet gone down. Dawn put on new clothes and walked out of the house with joy. The laughter awakened the sky, awakened the earth, the moon fell, the stars were gone, the sun rose, the dawn brought the morning glow, and floated to another heaven and earth."}, {"nb": 1717, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 1718, "data": "Good friends of crops-there are many kinds of frogs. A common species is the black spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is as white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on both sides of the head, and the vision is very sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but they are not sensitive to the lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the frog. During predation, the tongue quickly traverses the exit, sticks the bug, and is caught in the mouth, often with a hundred hairs. The main food of frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, frogs are known as good friends of crops."}, {"nb": 1719, "data": "I am a seed. When spring comes, I will germinate. Thank you for the sun and rain, they helped me grow up. Now, I have grown very tall. In the fall, I will bear the fat fruit, and the farmers are glad to see it!"}, {"nb": 1720, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 1721, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 1722, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 1723, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 1724, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 1725, "data": "The sweet flute little white rabbit intends to grow sugar cane. The little goat said to her: \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" Said the little white rabbit, \"don't forget to eat sugarcane!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil first, and then cut the old sugarcane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. \"The little fat pig came to help her arch the ground, sweat and mud. Little foxes and little monkeys came to help her find fertilizer, and she picked them up one after another. The little white rabbit was so moved that he said aloud, \"Uncle Niu, the little fat pig, the little fox, the little monkey, must come to eat sugar cane when the sugar cane is ripe!\" But in autumn, only one tree grows in the sugar cane field Little sugarcane seedlings. \"I promised my friends to eat sugar cane, but now ... ooh--woo--woo--\" Little White Rabbit cried sadly, her eyes cried red. The little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She chopped down the sugarcane seedlings, digged and emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit played his flute, and the sound of the flute traveled far and far. The little goat heard it; the little fat pig heard it; the little fox and the little monkey heard it; and the uncle Niu also heard it. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is really nice, with a hint of sweetness. We seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed up her three petals, blowing vigorously, blowing ..."}, {"nb": 1726, "data": "Little Huazier finds happiness. There is a little black flower who quietly pops out of his mother's arms. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun and asked: \"Sun, are you very happy?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun's bright red face said, \"I give everyone sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It sees little birds, Q: \"Bird, are you very happy?\" \"Bird\" chirping \"said:\" Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me. \"It saw a bee, asked:\" bee \"Are you very happy?\" The bee \"buzzed\" and said: \"Yes, I'm very happy. I'm collecting honey for everyone. Everyone likes me.\" It saw a frog, asked: \"Are you happy, frog \"Frog\" \u5471\u5471\u5471 \"Say:\" Yes, I am very happy. I catch pests for everyone, everyone likes me. \"Friends are very happy, Xiao Huazi also want to find their own happiness. It floats with the wind girl, across the river, across the grassland, and finally onto the snowy mountains. A piece of white snow, a white tree, a white house, a white road in the snow mountain ... The little flower child stayed, and it was going to bloom a flower on the snow mountain. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really has a beautiful big red flower. The fragrant fragrance is very urgent. The scent spread far and far, white bears, seals, snow rabbits, walruses ... and adults and children came. Seeing everyone like it so much, it said happily to itself: \"I'm so happy!\""}, {"nb": 1727, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 1728, "data": "Happy Teacher 's Day Today is September 10th Teacher' s Day. I came to the school early in the morning and saw a variety of real and fake flowers being sold at the entrance of the school. It was so beautiful! I bought flowers and ran into the classroom quickly, and set up the blackboard with my classmates. When the other students are almost here, we estimate that the teacher is coming soon. As expected. In a flash, the teacher came. As soon as the teacher stepped into the classroom, she was startled, and then a beautiful smile appeared on her face. At this moment, the class leader said, \"Stand up!\" Our classmates stood up and said in unison: \"Wish the teacher a happy holiday!\" The teacher said excitedly: \"Thank you!\" As soon as the teacher turned around, he saw colorful flowers on the blackboard Balloons and colorful text, as well as greeting cards made by students. The teacher was very happy and said excitedly: \"Thank you! Thank you students!\" Ah! This is really a happy holiday."}, {"nb": 1729, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 1730, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 1731, "data": "Who lives in the new building on the top floor is built. Who lives on the top floor? Everyone thinks: Grandpa Niu is older and has inconvenient movements. He cannot live on the top floor. Pony volunteered and said: \"I live on the top floor, I love to run, and I'm in good health.\" \"No, no. Your steps are too heavy, it will affect everyone's rest. Let me live on the top floor. My steps are light, and I jump and jump Just go up. \"Said Little Rabbit. \"No, no! You have long hind legs and short forelegs. It's easy to go downstairs. It's hard to get downstairs. You can fall on your head.\" The puppy said, \"I live on the top floor. I walk light and fast, and there is no noise.\" \"No , No! You live on the top floor, who will watch the door for everyone? You should live on the first floor. \"The little monkey said,\" Let me live on the top floor, I can climb high and move fast! \"Everyone agreed. The little monkey lived on the top floor. He hung a rope from the window, and he walked up and down, but it was almost fast. He also distributed letters and newspapers to various households by the way."}, {"nb": 1732, "data": "There are many flowers in front of the school. There is a string of red with fiery red, golden yellow sun, purple morning glory, and snow-white calla lily. The bursts of flowers attracted bees and butterflies to dance among the flowers."}, {"nb": 1733, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 1734, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 1735, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 1736, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 1737, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1738, "data": "The blue sky is high and the blue sky is big. The blue sky is a good mother for birds. The sea is deep, the sea is big, and the sea is a good mother for fish. Motherland is beautiful, motherland is big, motherland is our good mother."}, {"nb": 1739, "data": "At naughty summer and summer noon, the sun is like a big fireball, hot and hot. The little flower is listless and sad. The grass has also dried up, and the leaves are all rolled up. The road seemed to be covered in a hot coat. The bicycle was parked outside, so hot that the owner dared not even sit. Ugh ! Summer, you are so naughty!"}, {"nb": 1740, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 1741, "data": "The lovely autumn doll, the autumn doll is waving with colored pens. It draws naughtily and the earth changes its color magically. One by one the leaves were yellow and the fruits were ripe. A piece of rice is golden, and the colorful autumn chrysanthemums make me laugh. Qiuhua, stay here for a while, okay? I want to keep these wonderful scenes forever. But it was too late because Sister Dong was coming soon. So, goodbye, Qiuhua, let's meet again next year!"}, {"nb": 1742, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 1743, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 1744, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 1745, "data": "Wind and wind, wearing a white shirt, strolling on the green hillside, dancing with sister Huaer; wandering on the blue lake, playing with ducks and little fish, running on the blue sky, and The chirping bird greeted: Suddenly, he smiled and got into my clothes, tickling me naughtily."}, {"nb": 1746, "data": "Yaya draws a small tree branch and squats on the beach to learn how to draw. Draw a frog, and the waves rushed up and ate it in one bite. Draw a little bird twitter, and the waves rushed up, frightening the bird to fly away. Draw a small shrimp crawling, the waves rushed up, carrying the shrimp, and returned to the sea to find her mother."}, {"nb": 1747, "data": "Two grains of wheat Two grains of wheat-one barley and one wheat were dragged into the hole by ants and stored. \"It's over.\" The barley grain said to the wheat grain. \"We were thrown in this dark hole alone, and we lost our hope of life forever.\" \"No\", the wheat grain said: \"Hope is there. There is air here.\" , Moisture, if you want to sprout and grow, you're only going to lose sunlight. As long as the ants don't eat us, we can use our last strength, maybe we can arch out of the ground and find the sun. \"The barley grain shook his head, crying Say: \"Pull it down! It's at least three feet away from the ground. Is it a dream to get out of the ground with your little body?\" Because the barley grains cried all day long, his body was moldy. The vigorous wheat grains began to sprout and grow ... One day, the ants went to his warehouse to check the food, and found that the moldy barley grains and the sprouted wheat grains were inedible, so they were thrown out of the hole as garbage and thrown away Too. The barley kernels vanish when they see the wind. The wheat kernels face the sunlight, take root in the soil, and grow into a green wheat seedling. As long as the faith does not die, there will always be opportunities."}, {"nb": 1748, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 1749, "data": "When I was a kid blowing bubbles, I played many games. Among them, the one I love playing most is blowing soap bubbles. In the rainy season, we can't go to the beach on the mountain to play, our mother taught us to blow soap bubbles on the porch. She said that in rainy and rainy days, the weather is humid and the soap bubbles are not easy to break. We put the leftover soap head in a small wooden bowl, add a little water, and mix it and make it melt. Then use a thin bamboo tube, dipped in the thick soapy water, and slowly blow up, blowing into a light and round bubble. Gently mentioned again, the light round ball fell from the bamboo tube and floated slowly in the air. If you fan gently underneath, they can sometimes fly very high. This soap bubble is very beautiful, with five colors of floating light, twirling on the clear and transparent sphere. If the fan is well fanned, a big ball will split into two or three small balls, and they will be scattered. Sometimes the blow is too big, and the fan is too anxious. The fragile ball will be long and round, trembling, and the light and shadow will be chaotic. At this moment, everyone hung their heads, held their heads up, and held their breath\u2014soon, the multi-colored thin ball broke apart silently, and turned into soapy water, and the water droplets spilled into our eyes. Everyone hurriedly lowered their heads, rubbed their eyes, and rubbed tears. The balls were blown out carefully and carefully by ourselves. They flew gently, so round, so free, so transparent, so beautiful. By the breeze of the fans, they flew into the sky one by one, gently next to the moon, crossed the Tianhe, and followed the sunset west. Or floating gently across the sea, flying over the top of the mountain ... Watching them, our hearts are full of happiness, pride and hope."}, {"nb": 1750, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 1751, "data": "Light rain, light rain, one drop, two drops, ticking ... ticking, jumping from the sky, jumping from the leaves, jumping from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, one drop, another drop, so cold, so sweet! No wonder the seeds drank and sprouted the leaves, and the flowers drank more vividly! Tick \u200b\u200b..."}, {"nb": 1752, "data": "My dad was obviously a football fan, but he turned off a wonderful ball game. I don't know why it was replaced by Peking Opera. Babble, sing endlessly. Only my grandmother was fascinated by it, and my dad and I were both napping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 1753, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 1754, "data": "The dawn is not yet bright, the ground is still awake, and the moon and stars here have not yet gone down. Dawn put on new clothes and walked out of the house with joy. The laughter awakened the sky, awakened the earth, the moon fell, the stars were gone, the sun rose, the dawn brought the morning glow, and floated to another heaven and earth."}, {"nb": 1755, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 1756, "data": "In the spring of Guozigou, the Guozigou in Xinjiang is full of flowers. In addition to the colorful wildflowers on the hillside, there are also apricot flowers, apple flowers, hawthorn flowers, and pear flowers full of trees. Bunches, clumps, patches, red and glamorous, blue and shining, white and gleaming, until the top of the mountain meets the rainbow in the sky. Gradually, there are fewer flowers and more fruits. Red, green, yellow, one by one, one after another, clusters, clusters, like stars, covered mountains and hills, not at a glance. Guozigou is really a good place with many flowers and many fruits."}, {"nb": 1757, "data": "Spring is here, the flowers are blooming, the grass is green, and the small tree is also sprouting. The little horse is here, stepping on the grass, and the little bear is coming, shaking the little tree. The little monkey came and removed the flowers. The flowers and trees cried and said, \"We don't like such friends. Please go away.\" The little bird came, catching insects, the bees came, and spreading pollen. The children came and watered. Flowers, trees and trees said with a smile: \"We all like such friends, you stay.\""}, {"nb": 1758, "data": "Once, Wang Xizhi went out for a walk and saw an old lady selling a fan by the roadside. She called for a long time, but no one came to buy a fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi was very sympathetic to her, so he took the fan, wrote some words on it, and asked the old woman to take it to the market and sell it. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were battling to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out."}, {"nb": 1759, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 1760, "data": "Happy holiday \"June 1\" Children's Day is here, children can be happy! This year's festival is really rich. Some of them have performed programs, some have organized entertainment activities, some have watched cartoons, and have received exquisite gifts! The happiest thing for me is that I became the ceremonial lady of \"June 1\" and presented a red scarf to the uncle Mayor who spent the holidays with us. The mayor uncle said kindly, \"Thank you, children, and wish you a happy holiday!\" I was so happy that I didn't know what to say. \"June 1\" is really happy, and I will never forget it."}, {"nb": 1761, "data": "In the winter of Mi Jia's diary, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh and went skating on the river with his friends. He happily wrote a diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He happily wrote a diary: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, gathers wild fruits, and turns over under the shade of the trees. He happily wrote a diary: \"Summer is really happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the orchards in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are yellow and clear. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is so lovely. I hope it will always be autumn.\""}, {"nb": 1762, "data": "Brave little rooster Little rooster comes to the grass with mother chicken every day. When he meets other small animals to bully other chickens, he always rushes up bravely. One day, a fierce eagle flew over the grass, and the mother chicken asked the chicks to quickly hide in the grass. The little rooster tried to rush to drive away the eagle, and the mother chicken pulled him. The little rooster said to his mother very dissatisfiedly: \"I have grown up and I can drive the eagle away.\" The mother chicken said to him: \"A person's ability is limited, but being brave is not enough. Dealing with the eagle, hard It does n\u2019t work, it \u2019s also a good way to avoid him. \""}, {"nb": 1763, "data": "Pear, pour ... The rain in spring falls at night and stops at dawn. The rain in spring is a thump: dong dong, dong dong! Beating the large banana leaves, the sound is so sweet and crisp. The rain in spring is the keys: Dingdong, Dingdong! The calm Koike was struck, and the sound was so gentle and pleasant. The rain in spring is the paint: it stains the green grass and leaves, and reddens the wildflowers and mangosteens. The rain in spring is a lullaby: the children have just woken up from their dreams and walked into another sweet dream."}, {"nb": 1764, "data": "Tonight in the moonlight, I am very comfortable. After dinner, I lay quietly on the chair on the balcony, enjoying the beautiful moonlight while cooling off. In the soft moonlight, the river that ran for a day subsided. The moon was reflected on the river, and the evening wind blew, sparkling, like a ribbon of jewels. The moonlight enveloped the earth like smoke and mist. Yue'er is a kind and most affectionate girl. Whoever has sorrow, he will look at you with pity and share your worries for you, even pulling a half of the white cloud to cover the crying face. Yue'er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds to hide and seek with the stars, and sometimes tells stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blinking. I like the moonlight in the night sky."}, {"nb": 1765, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 1766, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 1767, "data": "What are they doing in winter? The little monkey climbs the pine tree and finds squirrels to play with. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to find a little bee to play with. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter. I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the entrance of the dirt beside the dry grass, which read: \"I slept in my house for a winter , Please do n\u2019t disturb me\u2014badger. \u201dThere was a cave in the woods. The monkey saw how many bats in it grabbed the stone joints with his paws. His body hung upside down and slept soundly! The little monkey had to climb the tree by himself, grab the branch and hit the swing."}, {"nb": 1768, "data": "The shoots finally got out of the ground. She opened her eyes and saw, ah, how bright and beautiful the world is! Peach Blossom blushed with a smile, Willow shook his long green braid, and the little swallow tweeted ..."}, {"nb": 1769, "data": "The motherland is a big garden with small crayons. It is really beautiful, red, yellow, black, white, green, blue. The red pen draws the sun, a circle. Blue strokes on the river, three curved lines. Yellow pen draws a small piece, that is a small sailboat. The green pen draws a big triangle, that is a mountain. Draw all kinds of crayons together to draw a large garden of the motherland."}, {"nb": 1770, "data": "The first birthday cake is June 1st's birthday. Many small animals came to congratulate her. Rabbits send grass, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, and hens send eggs. Everyone sing together to wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candle and cut off the first birthday cake. Maverick thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show it to her when I have a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, just give her a play. Little Rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, I will play with her. However, the lamb gave the first piece of cake to her mother, she said: \"Without my mother there would be no me, my birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends all applauded, everyone said: \"We have On birthday, the first piece of cake must also be given to mom. \""}, {"nb": 1771, "data": "The scenery in the park is really beautiful. Today, the sun is shining brightly, and there are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. I and my mother and father rowed a boat in the lake of the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and the surroundings are full of colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. Birds sing tactful songs on the trees. A group of children are playing the game of eagles and chicks under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward bravely . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... The scenery in the park is so beautiful! Sitting in the bow of the boat, I couldn't help singing loudly. My father and mother sang softly with me while rowing: \"Today's weather is fine and sunny, with good scenery everywhere, good scenery ...\""}, {"nb": 1772, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 1773, "data": "On the day of the sturdy stick, my father called the three children to his own and said, \"You can fold this stick!\" \"It's easy!\" The three children immediately snapped, Broken the stick. \"Then fold this now!\" The father tied up the three sticks and gave it to the eldest son. \"Let's watch!\" The eldest son exhausted his strength, just folding the bundle of sticks. The second son also came to try, and the youngest son also tried, but they never broke. \"Children, you see, a stick is very fragile, but if you tie the three together, it will become stronger. That is to say, as long as you work together, there is nothing that cannot be done.\""}, {"nb": 1774, "data": "The beautiful umbrella flowers are raining. Pedestrians on the street are all holding umbrellas. From afar, they look like beautiful flowers. Some are red, some are black, some are yellow, some are green, and some are transparent. The whole street looks like it is full of colorful flowers. These \"flowers\" have feet and walk around the street."}, {"nb": 1775, "data": "On the way home from school, I found an injured bird. Looking at its pitiful appearance, he took it home. This little bird has a long, pointed mouth with a small amount of red hair on its head. The feathers on the back and tail are black, and the feathers on the abdomen are gray. It looks good! Mother came back from work and saw the bird, and happily told me, \"This is a woodpecker. It can prey on pests in tree holes. People call it\" Dr. Tree. \"\" I heard it and thought, \"It turns out Only beneficial bird! After I have taken care of its wounds, I must send it back to nature and let it continue to heal the trees. \""}, {"nb": 1776, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 1777, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 1778, "data": "Spring is here and the flowers in the park are blooming. Some are red, some are white, and some are yellow, so beautiful. The flowers are for everyone to see, let's not pick them."}, {"nb": 1779, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1780, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 1781, "data": "Petite Cat Make friends Petite Cat goes to visit grandma. A small yellow dog lay under the big tree in the village entrance. The little flower cat kicked him, and the little yellow dog cried out \"Wang Wang\", pounced on the little flower cat, the little flower cat turned around in fright, ran, was tripped by the tree roots, and fell into the mouth and gnawed mud. The starling in the tree laughed. The little cat was venting his stomach, and he scolded him angrily: \"Shut up your stinky mouth!\" Myna also returned to him with a polite expression: \"Shut up your stinky mouth! Straight from the tears: \"Grandma, the little yellow dog and myna are bullying me. The grandmother said sadly: \"My little one, just blame you for not respecting others too much.\" If you are polite to others, others will be friendly to you! \"The little cat listened to her grandmother and said friendly to the little yellow dog:\" I'm sorry! \" \"The little cat said to his starling,\" Hello, friend! \"Starling also said to the little cat:\" Hello, friend! \"The little cat said happily:\" Grandma, I understand. If you want others to be nice to you, you must be nice to others first! \" \""}, {"nb": 1782, "data": "When Nang Ying was studying in the Jin Dynasty, Che Yin was tireless in learning, but his family was poor and his father could not provide him with good learning conditions. Without money to buy oil lamps, he can only recite poems at night. One night, he was reading articles in the yard. Suddenly he saw many fireflies flying at low altitude, and he had an idea. So he grabbed dozens of fireflies and put them in a pocket sewed with white silk and used it to illuminate, so he could barely read a book. The story of \"Capsule Reading\" is passed on to future generations as a story."}, {"nb": 1783, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 1784, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 1785, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 1786, "data": "The fox and the crane turned out to be good friends. One day, the fox enthusiastically invited the crane to dinner. It served some soup on the plate and said, \"Please eat.\" But nothing was eaten. A few days later, the crane also invited the fox to eat. He brought a narrow mouth and said, \"Please eat.\" The fox smelled the fragrant smell. Arrived, had to go home on an empty stomach. The wise crane returned the hypocritical fox in the same way."}, {"nb": 1787, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 1788, "data": "I can draw. I can draw big cocks. In my paintings, big cocks roar. I can draw birds, and in my paintings, the birds flutter up and down. I can draw fish. In my painting, the fish flicked its tail and swam over."}, {"nb": 1789, "data": "Mao Zedong divided the firewood and fruit into several portions, one for each person. Everyone took the cow, carried the firewood, carried the basket, and went home happily."}, {"nb": 1790, "data": "In the park, there is a magnolia flower, which is opening quietly. The lark bird fell beside her: \"Ah, you are the most beautiful, white magnolia girl!\" Magnolia said embarrassedly: \"No, Father Sun gave me color, rain gave me fragrance, dear mother soil Only by giving me enough nutrition, can I smile and open up. They should be more beautiful than me-the sun, raindrops and soil. \""}, {"nb": 1791, "data": "Tonight in the moonlight, I am very comfortable. After dinner, I lay quietly on the chair on the balcony, enjoying the beautiful moonlight while cooling off. In the soft moonlight, the river that ran for a day subsided. The moon was reflected on the river, and the evening wind blew, sparkling, like a ribbon of jewels. The moonlight enveloped the earth like smoke and mist. Yue'er is a kind and most affectionate girl. Whoever has sorrow, he will look at you with pity and share your worries for you, even pulling a half of the white cloud to cover the crying face. Yue'er is also a happy and cheerful girl. She hides in the white clouds to hide and seek with the stars, and sometimes tells stories to the stars. The stars can hear their eyes blinking. I like the moonlight in the night sky."}, {"nb": 1792, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 1793, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 1794, "data": "Xiaohua's family recently installed a telephone. One day, my grandfather was sick, my father dialed 120 quickly, and the ambulance arrived soon. Xiaohua asked his father: \"It's weird, why did you come to the ambulance as soon as you called?\" Dad told Xiaohua: \"120 is the emergency phone number, there are many service calls like this, such as 110 is the police band, 119 is The fire alarm phone, 114 is the number-checking phone, 121 is the weather forecast phone, and 122 is the road traffic accident alarm phone. \"After hearing my father's words, Xiaohua felt that the phone can be really useful."}, {"nb": 1795, "data": "The colorful swallows on the colorful bridge are going to the colorful bridge. It flies, flies, flies for three days and three nights, and never stops. It's windy and raining, it's not afraid, and it always flies forward. The wind stopped, the rain stopped, the sun showed a smile, and the colorful bridge appeared. Red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple, what a beautiful colorful bridge! The little swallow cried happily."}, {"nb": 1796, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 1797, "data": "Garden Orchard My family lives in a small mountain village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. In spring, peach blossoms, pear blossoms, and apple blossoms. Our village has become a garden. In autumn, peaches are ripe, pears are ripe, and apples are ripe. Our village has become an orchard."}, {"nb": 1798, "data": "The sun doll who loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she bulged her mouth round, blowing towards the cloud around her, blowing, blowing out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round head melon. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The Sun Doll ran in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus flower, blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... she became more and more happy, one I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew the white cloud into a beautiful white wave in the sea."}, {"nb": 1799, "data": "The storm was blowing, and the rain was falling down. Looking up close, there is not even a single figure on the street. The white flowers are all water, and they have become a flowing river. There are countless splashes of water on it. From a distance, the buildings and trees are vague."}, {"nb": 1800, "data": "Gu Zi said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red, I just let the autumn color be red.\" Cotton said: Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I have this silver coat? Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and the flowers that I open are proof.\" Song Bai said: Autumn and summer are no different, they are as green as me ... Autumn listened and shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous autumn should be.\" ! \""}, {"nb": 1801, "data": "The little tropical fish looks pretty. It has a triangular shape, a golden body, and black markings. The tail is black, but also a triangle. There are a pair of small round eyes on the head and a pointed mouth with small bubbles spitting out. Interestingly, there are two curved and long beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 1802, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 1803, "data": "In spring, the sun is shining, and flowers bloom in the fields. White pear blossoms, pink peach blossoms, and yellow rape blossoms exude bursts of fragrance. On Saturday, the Spring Animal Games were held in the forest. Some of the little animals are cycling, some are racing, some are playing football, and some are jumping high. The competition is really fierce!"}, {"nb": 1804, "data": "The baby especially likes to look at the window, because the window always changes color. When the window becomes blue, mother said, it is the blue sky in the distance. When the window turned golden, my mother said, it was the light of the sun. When the window turned gray, my mother said, it was gray clouds. When the window turned black and covered with small silver stones, my mother said, it was night."}, {"nb": 1805, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 1806, "data": "Use Jiner silkworm baby, use Jiner on your mouth. Horses, use Jiner on the lap. Little bird, use Jiner on your wings. Kids, use Jin'er in learning."}, {"nb": 1807, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 1808, "data": "There is a little flower dog who loves bragging. It used to be bragging. One day, the little flower dog was playing on the mountain, and the wolf caught a rabbit, and the wolf thought it was a hunting dog who came with the hunter. He was so scared that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. Little Flower Dog went home with a rabbit in his mouth and said to his friend: \"Look, I caught a rabbit!\" On this day, Little Flower Dog went up the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle fell right in front of it, so Xiaohuagou went home with an eagle in his arms, and said to his friend with an air of expression: \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, Xiaohuagou went up the mountain again to play, and suddenly the forest burst out A big tiger, Xiaohua dog fleeing desperately, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger fell off the cliff, and fell to death. The little Huagou was so scared that he was gone. I forgot to say to my friend: \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" After a few days, the little flower dog played on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion rushed towards it, little flower The dog ran away frightened, accidentally fell into the mud pit, and quickly shouted for help. The big lion said to him: \"I heard you are going to kill me, right?\" Xiaohuagou said: \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed as a white horse, and other friends Came out from the bush. The bragging little flower dog bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 1809, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 1810, "data": "There is a little flower cat in my family. It is covered with long hairs, black and white are really beautiful. It has a pair of round eyes, like a glass ball, it will glow green at night. The little cat's ears are very sensitive. As long as there is a little sound, the ears will stand up. It also has a furry tail, and when happy, it swings from side to side, like a flower stick. The little cat's nose has a very sensitive sense of smell, and Lao Yuan has a fishy smell, and it can also smell. There are five small meat pads on its feet. They are soft like quilts. They walk quietly without any sound. My little cat is so cute."}, {"nb": 1811, "data": "Ants and grasshoppers are really hot in summer, and a group of ants are moving food. Some of them have backs, some pull, all sweating. When several grasshoppers saw it, they all laughed that the ant was a fool. They hid under the big tree to cool off, some sang, some went to sleep, and all were free. When winter comes, the northwest wind is blowing, and the ants lie in a hole filled with food for the winter. Grasshoppers are cold and hungry, and they can no longer breathe."}, {"nb": 1812, "data": "The lively forest is in the big forest, the big cock and the little yellow warbler always get up early. You listen to \"Oh ...\" The big cock is using its bright voice to make people wake up early! The little yellow warbler is not willing to sing behind the \"chirp\". Look over there, the little white rabbit and the little gray rabbit have already started their work for a day. They are working together to build a beautiful new house. Listen to \"Ding Ding Dang Dang ...\" This is the little gray rabbit moving bricks fast! Look, how powerful they are! Look here, the frog and the duck \"slammed\" into the clear lotus pond and started the swimming competition. You chased me and it was very intense. Hey, what about the monkeys and bears? They were breathless and sweat \"tick ticked\" down, in a hurry. It turned out that they were rushing to school. A variety of stories are happening in the big forest every day, every day is lively and full of joy!"}, {"nb": 1813, "data": "The Qingshuitang is really lively, the wind is blowing, Liu'er is shaking, the Qingshuitang is really lively. The frog knocked on the small leather drum, the duck blew his flat mouth, the white goose was wearing a little red hat, and he chirped in a minor. The little fish waved its tail, and grunted and spit bubbles."}, {"nb": 1814, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 1815, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 1816, "data": "In spring, the spring flowers bloomed. A small yellow trumpet grew out of the green branches. The small horn blew, awakened the bees, attracted butterflies, and attracted a group of dolls who loved spring."}, {"nb": 1817, "data": "Spiders in flower clothes Spiders are wearing gray clothes for generations. Old spiders always admonish little spiders: this kind of clothing is certainly not good-looking, but it is easy to hide and not easy to be invented by prey. If you want to eat a full stomach, don't worry about making yourself handsome. To be pretty, you have to have a party like Butterfly. Spiders all listen to the words of the esteemed master. They have been wearing clothes that are gray and unbroken from generation to generation. However, beauty is indeed too attractive. One day, several little spiders resolutely took off their gray clothes, put on colorful dresses, and all the flower branches that they wore fluttered, so unhappy. The old spider with a lesson hastened to warn the rest of the spiders: \"Children, don't learn from them! They are so arrogant and sure to suffer! You just wait and see!\" But the old spider's words have not been fulfilled. Not only are the spiders in flower clothes not hungry, they also catch more insects than other spiders. Because there are many beautiful bugs in the forest, their flowers and clothes are regarded as blooming flowers!"}, {"nb": 1818, "data": "It was windy. I asked my mother: \"What does the wind look like?\" Mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know. What do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"The wind is like a hairdresser. When happy, I comb my hair neatly. .When I am angry, I blow my hair in a mess. \"My mother heard it, and praised again and again:\" Not bad, not bad! Your imagination is really rich. \""}, {"nb": 1819, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1820, "data": "Little Turtle Brother and Sister Opening a Store Little Turtle Brother and Sister want to open a small store, what kind of store is good? They asked the elephant. The elephant said: \"I am a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippo. The hippo said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!\" What? The kangaroo mother told them: \"I opened a bookstore and put the newspapers in my big pockets. I could sell them wherever I went.\" The little turtle brother and sister were sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. , What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brother and sister were not sad anymore, they opened a biscuit shop. Let the sun bake its back shell hot, then spread the scones on the back shell. Baked, baked, the biscuits are delicious. The little turtle's biscuits are fragrant and crisp, and there are beautiful patterns on it. Everyone came to buy them."}, {"nb": 1821, "data": "A flock of flies and mosquitoes fluttered on the garbage dump, and another group of mosquitoes flew from somewhere. Flies and mosquitoes chatted on the smelly garbage dump for a day. The fly said aloud: \"Hey, little mosquito, our family of flies is so powerful. Every one of us has two names. When we were kids, we were called maggots. When we grew up, we were called flies.\" The mosquito smiled and said sharply: \"I thought What's so great about you, don't you just have two names? Tell you, our mosquito family also has two names. When I was young, I was called moor, and when I grew up, I called mosquitoes. Great! We all have two names. \"When they were smug, a Miaomiao children's team came and he was holding a\" radar \"spray at them.\" Flapping \", the mosquito flies were all dead. Empty."}, {"nb": 1822, "data": "One day, the rooster and the duck are more powerful than anyone. They run before running. The rooster ran with the fly and dragged the duck down a long way. The duck could not catch up with the swing of the duck. The cock said triumphantly to the duck: \"You can believe that my skills are greater!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swam fast and steady, the rooster covered with water, almost drowned. The duck also proudly said to the rooster: \"It's still my skill.\" No one will obey anyone."}, {"nb": 1823, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 1824, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 1825, "data": "Bird child tree father-in-law, tree mother-in-law, from morning till night happy. Their children are the most beautiful, blue, green, red, yellow, flowers, white, brown. Their children are the most lively, singing and singing around. Thousands of birds and children love tree father-in-law and mother-in-law."}, {"nb": 1826, "data": "Ants repaying in a hot summer day, an ant was blown into the pond by the wind, and died on the evening, a pigeon on the tree saw this scene. \"Good pity! Go help him!\" The pigeon hurriedly threw the leaves into the pond. The ants climbed onto the leaves, and the leaves floated to the edge of the pool, and the ants were saved. \"Thanks to the rescue of the pigeons!\" Ant always remembers the life-saving grace of the pigeons. After a long time, a hunter came and aimed the pigeon on the tree with a gun, but the pigeon didn't know anything at all. At this time the ant climbed up on the hunter's foot and took a bite. \"Oh! It hurts! Ah!\" When the hunter hurt, the bullet was distorted. So that the pigeon escaped, and the ants also repaid the pigeon's life-saving grace."}, {"nb": 1827, "data": "The three climbers went to climb the mountain at the same time. The first person just started to climb a few steps. When the mountain was steep and difficult to climb, he retreated. He said, \"I retreated because of difficulties.\" The second person climbed to the middle of the mountain, angry Panting, looking at the dangerous high mountains above, shaking his head and saying, \"It's still enough to stop!\" He also retreated. Only the third person, who dared forward on the way of climbing, fell several times, all climbed up again, fearless and discouraged. Finally, he reached the top of the mountain. After a few days, the three met again. The first person said: \"It's not so difficult to climb to the top of the mountain. It's better for me to retreat because of difficulties. It saves a lot of energy.\" The second person said: \"Yes, so I stopped it. It's still wise to step back halfway \"The man who reached the top of the mountain smiled and said,\" However, you can't see the infinite scenery of the peak. \""}, {"nb": 1828, "data": "The funny little sky sister stood in front of the window and looked up at the sky. There are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. One is like a goldfish, one is like a goat, the other is like a white horse, the largest one is like a white bear. The little sister beckoned to them: \"Friends, come and dance with me, will you?\""}, {"nb": 1829, "data": "Little Monkey Learning Skills On Sunday, the little monkey did not know what to do, so he went to the Little White Rabbit underground railway. When he saw the little white rabbit writing at home, he found it very interesting and decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me how to write essays?\" Little white rabbit said: \"Okay, you go home and practice by yourself!\" The little monkey returned home and took out a pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone outside playing the trumpet. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Xiong. The monkey again found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this line. It blows and blows, and it always doesn't blow, so it doesn't want to learn again. At this moment, it saw Sister Xiaolu practicing running again, running fast! It decided to learn to run again. However, I ran a few times and felt too tired to learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy are the three little friends! But the monkey didn't learn anything."}, {"nb": 1830, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful outer walls that decorates the hut beautifully and brightly. In the wooden house is a small cat that helps others. One day, frogs, turtles, ducks, and roosters went to the streets to play together. On the way home, the sky darkened, and after a while, it began to rain heavily. The little cat is watching TV. It heard the sound of raining outside, \"Wow, Wow\", and thought, \"Will there be friends who need umbrellas?\" The little cat quickly took the little umbrella and walked out the door. It stood under the eaves, and saw four little friends coming along the road from afar. But now there is only one umbrella in hand, to whom do you lend it? The little cat saw the frog walking up and down, oh! It understands that frogs grow up in rivers and are not afraid of rain. It saw the tortoise sticking out its long neck and drinking the rain happily. There was a lid on its back. The turtle did not use an umbrella. It also saw a little duck with shiny, smooth feathers. When the rain dropped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't need an umbrella. Only the poor big cock, the thin feathers were soaked in the rain, the little cat quickly lent the little cock to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a big thing and feels so happy in his heart!"}, {"nb": 1831, "data": "Mother's love will become magic. In a moment it becomes a beautiful dress in my body, in a moment it becomes a lovely toy in my hand, in a moment it becomes a fairy tale that I love to listen to ... change what change, change which change, make me taller, make her laugh."}, {"nb": 1832, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 1833, "data": "My old cat cares about his children very much. Every time it comes back from outside, it will lie down and feed the kittens. When the little cat eats milk, it always licks their hair for them, as if they are bathing them. Which kitten is a little uncomfortable, the old cat will keep turning around the kitten, screaming \"Miao Wu Miao Wu\" in his mouth, as if asking, \"Baby, where are you? Tell mom quickly! \""}, {"nb": 1834, "data": "Peacocks, starlings, and hens used to have a farmer who built a house in the woods, which was strong and spacious. The birds in the woods want to move into this house and live with the farmer. Peacock ran to the farmer first and said, \"Let me live with you! I look best, open the tail, and look as beautiful as flowers.\" Then, the starling came to the farmer and said, \"Let me live with you. Let's be together! My mouth is the most coincident. Whatever you say, I will say it, and I will definitely tell you to listen. \"At this time, a hen came. The farmer asked the hen: \"What skills do you have?\" The hen smiled and said, \"I'm neither pretty nor good at mouth. What I can do is lay eggs.\" The farmer listened to the hen and said: \"An egg down the earth is more valuable than fiddling a hundred times with beautiful feathers and saying a thousand nice words. Hardworking and willing hens, welcome you to live here.\" Peacock and starling listened to the farmer , Embarrassed to leave."}, {"nb": 1835, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 1836, "data": "I helped my mother wash the dishes for dinner, and I plan to help my mother wash the dishes. I first put water in the pool, poured a little dishwashing liquid, and stroked it with my hand. Many bubbles came out of the pool. Next, I soaked the bowl in the sink, gently washed the inside and outside of the bowl with a rag, then washed the edges of the bowl, and finally rinsed it off with clean water one by one. I picked up the bowl and rubbed it in my hand. The small bowl made a \"creak\" sound. Yeah, the bowl can still sing! I also hummed in a minor happily. I am very happy because I help my mother wash the dishes."}, {"nb": 1837, "data": "Spring is here. A piece of green and pink peach blossoms are on the grass. Snowy white rabbits are jumping around on the grass. The wild yellow goose nodded to us. Spring is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1838, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 1839, "data": "Bless you, little swallows, I walked in the park in the morning and found a little swallow that fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I cautiously held the little swallow, holding my head sideways, looking at the tree as I walked. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\", is that the nest of the little swallows? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing could not help crying, like saying: \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away in fright when he saw me. I placed the little swallow under \"Tuwowo\" and looked behind the big tree. I saw that the two big swallows fell gently beside the little swallows, yelling, the three swallows are so affectionate! Looking at their family reunion, I couldn't help laughing. what ! Little Swallow, I wish you all the best and hope that you can grow up smoothly and make greater contributions to mankind."}, {"nb": 1840, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 1841, "data": "The chick pecked at the eggshell with a small pointed mouth. It pecked and pecked for a long time before it pecked out a small hole. It saw the sky is blue and clear, the trees are green, and the river is clear and clear."}, {"nb": 1842, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 1843, "data": "My little goldfish There are two little goldfish in my family. They are golden on their bodies. Two bulging eyes seem to be watching you every moment. They have a fan-like tail, which is always swayed in the water, and a belly like a ball, which eats a lot of food at once. They have a lot of fun in the water. I like them very much. The first thing I do every day when I come back is to feed them."}, {"nb": 1844, "data": "what ! Evening glow, how beautiful, it was like a galloping horse in Mercedes for a while, roaring like a lion for a while, blooming like blossoming flowers for a while ... I looked at it, and my body felt light, as if I had become a sunset. After a while, a ray of ray of light came, and the evening glow shone brilliantly. I opened my eyes slightly, and seven colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple suddenly appeared in front of me. My body seemed to be surrounded by colors."}, {"nb": 1845, "data": "In spring, the flowers are all blooming. You see, the peach blossoms are red, the pear blossoms are white, and the spring flowers are yellow. The fields are colorful and really like a big garden!"}, {"nb": 1846, "data": "Mother Swallow hatched four little swallows. They have long black hairs, white belly, and small yellow mouths with sharp points, stretch out their long small necks, and shake their little round heads. You hold me, I squeeze you. When Daddy Yan and Mama Yan came back from the insects, they squeezed out, squeezing their heads out, opening their mouths, extending their necks, eager to eat. If you ca n\u2019t eat it, you scream."}, {"nb": 1847, "data": "The first birthday cake is June 1st's birthday. Many small animals came to congratulate her. Rabbits send grass, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, and hens send eggs. Everyone sing together to wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candle and cut off the first birthday cake. Maverick thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show it to her when I have a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, just give her a play. Little Rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, I will play with her. However, the lamb gave the first piece of cake to her mother, she said: \"Without my mother there would be no me, my birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends all applauded, everyone said: \"We have On birthday, the first piece of cake must also be given to mom. \""}, {"nb": 1848, "data": "There are many animals in the giant panda zoo, the most lovely one is the giant panda. The giant panda is five fat and has a short tail and smooth hair. The limbs and shoulders are black, and the body and head are white. The most interesting is a pair of round dark circles, a pair of furry black ears. The giant panda was very lively when he was a child, and he liked to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. When he was asleep, you tease it, it opened its eyes to see you, and fell asleep again. When he wakes up, he swings his fat body and walks around to find something to eat. He loves to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. The pandas are few in number and only produced in China. He is a very precious animal and a national treasure of our country."}, {"nb": 1849, "data": "Wedding invitations, Spring Festival couplets, your New Year's couple must post the Spring Festival couplets during the Chinese New Year? Do you know the Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring Festival couplets\" are also called \"couplers\", \"pairs\" and \"door pairs\". It depicts the background of the times with neat, dual, concise and delicate texts, and expresses good wishes. It is a unique literary form in China. Every Spring Festival, whether in the city or in the countryside, every household must select a pair of red spring couplets to be posted on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of Spring Festival couplets on the Spring Festival started in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of Spring Festival couplets. Depending on where they are used, they can be divided into door centers, frame pairs, horizontal wraps, spring strips, bucket weights, etc. \"Door Heart\" is attached to the center of the upper part of the door panel; \"Frame Pair\" is attached to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal\" is attached to the door beam; \"Spring Bar\" is attached to the corresponding place according to different content; \"Bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", and it is a square diamond shape, mostly attached to furniture and shadow walls."}, {"nb": 1850, "data": "In the morning when the sun was in the fog, I just ran up and hurried to the balcony. Yeah! The fog is really big, and the thick fog in the sky makes the earth vague and a piece of dim. After a while, the eastern sun slowly rose. The sun that just came out was like a big fireball, not dazzling at all. The fog rises slowly under the sun, and the rise gradually dissipates. The sun rises and rises slowly, the sun shines on the ground, and the dew on the blades of grass shines like pearls. The sun emits thousands of rays of light, so that a few white clouds floating in mid-air become golden in a flash. After a while, it was dyed rose again. In the east, half of the sky is stained red. The scenery is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 1851, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 1852, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1853, "data": "One day, the rooster and the duck are more powerful than anyone. They run before running. The rooster ran with the fly and dragged the duck down a long way. The duck could not catch up with the swing of the duck. The cock said triumphantly to the duck: \"You can believe that my skills are greater!\" They are better than swimming. The duck swam fast and steady, the rooster covered with water, almost drowned. The duck also proudly said to the rooster: \"It's still my skill.\" No one will obey anyone."}, {"nb": 1854, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 1855, "data": "I don't know who threw the broken glass on the road because of the colorful blood, and dozens of earthworms were stabbed while crossing the road. They were also comatose because of excessive bleeding. The situation was very serious. The animals sent the earthworms to the hospital for rescue. Rescue requires a lot of blood, but the blood bank inventory is not enough, so the animals have to be called to donate blood. A long squid swam to the beach to donate blood at a speed, and it could be seen that there was green blood flowing out of the thief, and the result was useless. \"Look at me.\" The transparent prawns somehow got out of the water and bravely extended their arms. As a result, its blood was pale cyan, and it could not be used. Sea crabs and hairy crabs all came to donate blood, and the result was pale cyan blood. A snail also came, and its blood, like milk, could not be used. The snail's cousin is a snail, and its blood is light blue. The blood of small animals is really colorful!"}, {"nb": 1856, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 1857, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 1858, "data": "When it rains, the little white rabbit gathers mushrooms on the grass and has a good time. Suddenly, the wind blew and the rain started. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and placed it on the head as an umbrella, but the rain would not rain. Suddenly, it saw a chick drenched. \"Chicks, come under the leaves!\" So the chicks and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing again in the rain. \"Little cats, come under the leaves!\" So the three of them hid under the big leaves. The rain stopped, and they played happily together."}, {"nb": 1859, "data": "Because of the rain, the grass is greener; because of the sunlight, the flowers are redder; because of the white clouds, the sky is bluer; because of the autumn wind, the earth turns yellow."}, {"nb": 1860, "data": "The little fireflies of summer night, flying low on the grass of summer night, carrying a small red light, attentively watching this world of flowers and plants. Fireflies, don't you think your lights are too small? Don't you think you are burning yourself? The firefly didn't answer. It was still flying around, carrying its beautiful red light burning with life, flying among the thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1861, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 1862, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 1863, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest sent me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, that is a piece of white cloud. The blue sky calls me to use Baiyun as a wing, into a flying white dove ... the sea gives me a blue greeting card, it is a blue shell. The sea asked me to turn the shell into a small boat, face the wind and waves, and harvest the treasure ... The sun gave me a red greeting card, which was the glow of red glow. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland!"}, {"nb": 1864, "data": "Children who count stars at night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child sat in the yard, leaning on her grandmother, raised her head and pointed to the sky to count the stars. One, two, counted to hundreds. The grandmother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and blinking, all eyes are blooming, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, can see You can count them when you see them. The stars are moving, but not turbulent. You see, this star is always so far away from that star. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Child, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but the distance between them seems to be constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa stopped, pointing to the north The sky said, \"Look, the seven stars, connected like a spoon, are called the Big Dipper. The star facing the spoon is the North Star. The Big Dipper always rotates around the North Star.\" Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night, and looked up at the stars several times. He saw clearly, the Big Dipper really turned slowly around the North Star. This child who counts stars is called Zhang Heng, who is from the Han Dynasty. After he grew up, he worked hard on astronomy and became a famous astronomer."}, {"nb": 1865, "data": "Mischievous colorful light Sun Father has seven mischievous ray babies, their names are red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue and purple. The baby with colorful lights drilled in the clouds, dyeing the clouds in the sky into colorful clouds. When they had enough play in the sky, they sneaked to the ground to play secretly. They slid onto the sunflower, and the sunflower's face turned golden and golden. They came to the orchard again and put orange clothes on the oranges. They ran on the grass and the grass turned green. They jumped, jumped, jumped into the sea, and the sea became blue. After the colorful light baby took a bath and passed the beach, the little crab asked them if they were coming to the blue color and became a little blue crab. As soon as the colorful light babies came to the vegetable garden, Father Sun called them back home. Tomatoes and eggplants are anxious: \"Leave us a beautiful color!\" Colorful Baby kisses tomatoes and eggplants. Tomatoes have a red color, and eggplants have a purple color. When the baby of colorful light heard the father-in-law shouting again, he ran to the sky quickly, and a colorful glow of light appeared in the place where they ran."}, {"nb": 1866, "data": "Why do we need to paint the trunk with lime water? We often see the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on both sides of the road painted white. This white substance is lime water. The role of this white coating is really quite a lot! First of all, lime water of this concentration can not only eliminate diseases and insect pests, but also kill all kinds of overwintering insect eggs. Secondly, this white coating can prevent frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in early spring before winter. The trunk is very easy to swell and crack when frozen. The white coating can reflect part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, reducing the impact of the temperature difference on the trees. Again, the trunk is painted white, which not only beautifies the environment, but also prevents livestock from eating the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees."}, {"nb": 1867, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 1868, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 1869, "data": "There is a small river in my hometown. The river flows slowly around the village, and there are many trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, which looks like a fiery morning glow from afar. After the stone bridge, it is a green farmland. Hometown is so beautiful! I love my hometown!"}, {"nb": 1870, "data": "The little white snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds. Snow covered the roof and covered the house with white silver tiles; Snow covered the mountains, and covered the mountains with beautiful white yarn; Snow covered the pine forest, and the pine forest was covered with beautiful flowers ... Ah! The lovely little snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 1871, "data": "Don't cut the hair of the earth, don't cut it, the forest is my hair. People keep their hair in good spirits, but I keep their hair in the wind and sand."}, {"nb": 1872, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 1873, "data": "The proud tiger tiger and the little white rabbit will hold a race and let the little dog be the referee. At the beginning of the game, the tiger ran all the way. Looking back to see that the little white rabbit had fallen off by himself, he said to the little white rabbit: \"Let me sleep afterwards and run with you!\" Sleeping on the ground. The little white rabbit kept running forward, getting closer and closer to the tiger, and the puppy next to him shouted the tiger: \"Little white rabbit catches up!\" The tiger opened his eyes and said, \"It's okay, it can't catch up. I! \"So, it closed its eyes and fell asleep again. The little white rabbit continued to run forward, almost to the end. The puppy shouted the tiger anxiously: \"Little white rabbit is coming to the end.\" At this time, the tiger quickly got up and chased forward, but it was too late. The little white rabbit crossed the end. The tiger lost the game, and the puppy said to it, \"You are so proud!\" The tiger lowered his head in shame."}, {"nb": 1874, "data": "One day, the river and the sea swelled, and the river widened. Xiaohe was secretly happy and felt great. He swam triumphantly into the sea, but he could not see the shore at all. He said: \"Ah, I thought I was very big, because the sea was much bigger than me!\" The sea heard it and said to him with a smile: \"Yes! I am much older than you. However, if there are no countless rivers flowing I am here, and I will not be so big! \"Xiaohe listened and admired the sea even more."}, {"nb": 1875, "data": "In autumn, the trees are full of fruits. On the hillside, rows of persimmon trees are lined with persimmons like red lanterns. There is a wild fruit tree on the top of the mountain. These fruits are ripe, with red hawthorn; pea-sized tree heads red; and purple grapes. The most lovable thing is the golden lotus seed. You see its golden body is hidden in the green leaves. There are tiny thorns all over the body, which makes people afraid and like it. If you take a pill and remove the thorn, put it in your mouth to taste it."}, {"nb": 1876, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 1877, "data": "White clouds floated on the blue sky of the bird's house. In the green forest, the trees grew very lush. The two birds whispered on the branches. Look, they have yellow and yellow feathers, pointed little mouths, how cute they are!"}, {"nb": 1878, "data": "Musical notes of spring When the wild flowers of the mountains are singing, and the crystal dewdrops just opened their eyes, the children found a group of amber pearl-like tadpoles in the pond by the village. They swim lively and happily, just like the little notes on the staff. Little tadpoles, are you playing spring music?"}, {"nb": 1879, "data": "The warm little crow was sent to the hospital and all the animals came to see him. The bunny brought cabbage, and the calf brought milk. The lark sang a song: \"May you get better soon!\" The little crow looked at the little friend and shed tears."}, {"nb": 1880, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 1881, "data": "The little fairy tale is to the south of the cloud, in a distant place, a group of leaves says: \"We want to bloom like flowers.\" A group of flowers says: \"We want to fly like a bird.\" A group of peacocks says: \"We want to be like trees Same growth. \""}, {"nb": 1882, "data": "The little white rabbit has no clock and does not know the time. It asks the little goat to help him find a way. The little goat gave him three potted flowers. The sun came out, the morning glory bloomed, and the small trumpet opened. At noon, the flower bloomed at noon, and a smile opened. It was dark, and the incense opened at night, with a small mouth opened to sing gently."}, {"nb": 1883, "data": "Little Raindrops Little Raindrops are a group of lovable little dolls. They are sensible and most willing to help people. If the little flowers are thirsty, the little raindrops will jump from the sky and let the little flowers absorb the rain. If the fish in the lake feels sulky, they jump down and blow bubbles out of the water to make the fish breathable."}, {"nb": 1884, "data": "Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up pretty. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. A variety of colors and dyes were found in the jungle to make everyone dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and painted carefully on the magpie. The anxious magpie cried as soon as he saw the black stripe painting finished: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" He said that he flew away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's my turn! It's my turn!\" \"The crow drew the golden pheasant with the seven colors found by the magpie, one stroke at a time. The painting was very serious from beginning to end. It took a long time to draw, and the crow said, \"Well, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" The golden pheasant looked at the stream: \"Ah!\" \"It was shocking and joyful, I couldn't believe it. So beautiful, he said gratefully to the crow: \"I can't see it, you have such a clever hand, really a brilliant painter!\" Next, it was the turn of the golden pheasant to paint the crow, and it picked up a pot of black color I just wanted to paint, but I muttered in my heart: \"I also want you to paint like that, when will you paint!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shake a pot of black dye on the crow, and then said: \"OK OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned to look, and the golden pheasant had flown away. When he looked at the stream, he screamed angrily: \"ah ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\""}, {"nb": 1885, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blew away a series of soap bubbles, they were carrying red orange yellow green green blue blue purple and flew away. I am very sad, looking for them while walking. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you think I look like the bubble you blow? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said to me: \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me make a friend with you! \"... I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 1886, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 1887, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 1888, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 1889, "data": "When the spring of the willows arrived, the shoots of the willows burst out and fluttered in the wind. Xiaofang and Xiaojun went to play in the park together. Seeing that the wicker is very beautiful, Xiaojun folded one of them and started playing. At this time, Xiaofang saw quickly and said: \"The flowers and trees in the park were cultivated by the gardener Uncle. They are for everyone's appreciation. We must love it and not damage it.\" Xiao Jun said with ashamedness: \"I won't pick flowers anymore in the future.\""}, {"nb": 1890, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 1891, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 1892, "data": "The beautiful bear planted a lot of flowers in the polluted bear. The scent in the yard was fragrant. The puppy wanted to buy a pot. On the 5th day, the bear put a pot of potted flowers on a tricycle, and the wooden sign \"Recycle used batteries and send you a potted plant\" was also inserted on it. The puppy understood that today is World Environment Day, and the bear protects the environment, and I want to participate. Ding Lingling, the tricycle wore alleys, crossed the street, and the puppy ran and yelled, \"Beautiful for pollution, flowers for waste batteries!\" The kittens and rabbits went out after hearing that, put down the waste batteries, and took away a pot of flowers. When Aunt Monkey arrived with a basket of waste batteries, the flowers had been delivered. Aunt Monkey said with a smile, \"It doesn't matter. Caring for the environment is caring for our lives.\""}, {"nb": 1893, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 1894, "data": "One big, one small, one tiger and one cat. One side is more, the other side is less, a group of geese and a bird. Count, count, and remember how big or small you are."}, {"nb": 1895, "data": "Voice Kingdom I like dreaming. In the dream, the sound fairy took me into the magical kingdom of sound. When I walked into the first door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the sounds of Xiaohe \u2019s \u201cwowing\u201d water, Grandpa Feng \u2019s \u201cgasping\u201d gasping, the rain of \u201cTick and Tick\u201d rain, and the thunder of Gong Gong \"Boom\" snore. I seem to be in nature. When I stepped into the second door of the Kingdom of Sound, I heard the cry of a bird \"chirp\", the cry of a little dog \"wang\", the cry of a kitten \"Meow\", and the roar of a lion. I seem to have come to the zoo. A sound of car horns led me to the third door. I seemed to be walking on the road. I heard the sound of bicycles, the sound of trucks, and the sound of police cars, and the sound of the police car, \"Didudidudu\". It was dawn, the dream woke up, the small alarm clock sang a song, urging me to go to school quickly."}, {"nb": 1896, "data": "It was windy. I asked my mother: \"What does the wind look like?\" Mother shook her head and said, \"I don't know. What do you say?\" I smiled and said, \"The wind is like a hairdresser. When happy, I comb my hair neatly. .When I am angry, I blow my hair in a mess. \"My mother heard it, and praised again and again:\" Not bad, not bad! Your imagination is really rich. \""}, {"nb": 1897, "data": "Happy and happy I love my school, there are teachers and classmates in the school, everyone study together, dear and affectionate. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun."}, {"nb": 1898, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 1899, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, osmanthus blossoms, and the sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden-yellow osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four small petals, which are very cute. As soon as the wind blew, the little osmanthus flies down, and the golden osmanthus rained down. Dad told me that osmanthus has different colors. The golden ones are called Jin Gui, the silver ones are called Yin Gui, and the orange ones are called Dan Gui."}, {"nb": 1900, "data": "Happy little snail. I am a happy little snail. My shell is my house. I take it with me in the green fields every day. There are tender green grass, sweet dew, and dragonflies and butterflies playing with me. My favorite is the rainy day, because the humid environment makes me feel particularly comfortable. After the rain clears, children can often see me when they come out to play. At this time, I may drink dew slowly on the blades of grass, stretch out on the ground to breathe the fresh air, or stand on the sunflower to enjoy the scenery in the distance ... I like my life very much. Once, I climbed hard to the tree and saw a park not far away. There are bright flowers in the park, beautiful rockery, and a group of happy children. The children are playing happily, chasing each other, and there is a continuous burst of joyful laughter. I secretly thought: Although I climb slowly, I must climb hard. If I can go to the park and play with the children, then I will be happier!"}, {"nb": 1901, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 1902, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 1903, "data": "The leaves grow on the tree, and the branches use it as a fan. When it fell on the ground, the bug took it as a quilt. Floating in the river, the fish used it as an umbrella. Flying to the sky, the bird used it as a kite ... The leaves said \"Everyone likes me, I'm so happy.\""}, {"nb": 1904, "data": "My favorite vegetable is cucumber. Cucumbers vary in shape, some are like the moon at the beginning of the month, some are like a curved banana, some are like a small grenade, and some are like a shiny silver sickle. They are also different in size, some are fat, some are thin and long, and some are not fat or thin."}, {"nb": 1905, "data": "The sky was dressed in black clothes, and the ground was sprinkled with silver moonlight. Dewdrop mother is worried. Where can I find so many small beds for the babies? Petals said, sleep in my house, my bed smells good again. The leaves said, sleep in my house, my bed is shaking again and again. The spider said, sleep in my house, my bed has springs. But I still have the place where the youngest baby does not sleep. Caojian'er said, sleep in my house, I happen to have a single bed. That night all the babies slept soundly, especially the youngest one, because the fear of the baby falling, the grass tip remained until dawn."}, {"nb": 1906, "data": "Black Swan Black Swan heard everyone said that during the day the goose is beautiful, thinking: I was not born black, it was born white! Hi ! If only one day can change the feather with the white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night, it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. While taking advantage of the white swan's deep sleep, it quietly smeared ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, as soon as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced: \"Look, the white swan has turned black, I have turned white, the white swan is ugly, I am beautiful!\" , Laughing at the black swans one after another. The black swan was puzzled for a while. At this time, the elder sister came over and said with a long heart: \"Little girl, we usually say you are ugly and say that the white swan is beautiful, not referring to your appearance, but to your heart. Usually the white swan thinks much about everyone, this is its advantage. You think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, do n\u2019t you prove your ugliness? In fact, what is the use of smearing and disguising yourself? If you want to throw away the ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct your shortcomings. \""}, {"nb": 1907, "data": "There is a little flower dog who loves bragging. It used to be bragging. One day, the little flower dog was playing on the mountain, and the wolf caught a rabbit, and the wolf thought it was a hunting dog who came with the hunter. He was so scared that he dropped the rabbit and ran away. Little Flower Dog went home with a rabbit in his mouth and said to his friend: \"Look, I caught a rabbit!\" On this day, Little Flower Dog went up the mountain to play again, and a hunter hit an eagle. The eagle fell right in front of it, so Xiaohuagou went home with an eagle in his arms, and said to his friend with an air of expression: \"Look, I caught an eagle!\" After a few days, Xiaohuagou went up the mountain again to play, and suddenly the forest burst out A big tiger, Xiaohua dog fleeing desperately, and the tiger chased hard behind him. When he escaped to the cliff, the tiger fell off the cliff, and fell to death. The little Huagou was so scared that he was gone. I forgot to say to my friend: \"I killed the tiger myself, and I will kill a lion to show you later.\" After a few days, the little flower dog played on the mountain until it was dark, and a lion rushed towards it, little flower The dog ran away frightened, accidentally fell into the mud pit, and quickly shouted for help. The big lion said to him: \"I heard you are going to kill me, right?\" Xiaohuagou said: \"I'm just bragging.\" The lion listened and shook off the lion's skin. It turned out that the lion was dressed as a white horse, and other friends Came out from the bush. The bragging little flower dog bowed his head in shame."}, {"nb": 1908, "data": "My good friend Recently, my father brought me a good friend. He is not tall, with a square head and a big face. Sitting there quietly, speaking very little. His ability is great! Every day, as soon as I came home, he became my best friend and teacher. We read books, draw pictures, and play games together ... My friend is amazing, he wouldn't be without him. It was right and quick to start the question, and the things I told him would never be forgotten. He can also keep me from going out, knowing everything I want to know. How is it, my good friend is good! Child, do you know who he is?"}, {"nb": 1909, "data": "Moon's mother's belly is round, is it about to give birth to a baby! Yeah, one, two ... a lot of star babies came out at once. The star baby is really naughty, running around with lanterns around, and mother swinging on the swing. Mother Moon was tired, and her waist became crooked."}, {"nb": 1910, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 1911, "data": "Big shoes A little elephant wore four big shoes on a swing, and ran, one shoe had a hole in it, and it was thrown hard, and the broken shoe was thrown into the river. The remaining three were useless, \"thump thump\" threw it into the grass. Dudu bear, furry ball, bag and mouse are playing ball together on the grass. The ball rolls and rolls into the grass. Bao Bao Mo went to find it, but did not find it; Mao Maoqi went to find it, but did not find it; Dudu Xiong went to find it, and he did not find it. They found three big round shoes in the grass. Whose shoes are these? There are three more so big and so round. \"Who's shoes? Who's shoes?\" They shouted for a long time and no one agreed, it must be no one wants. The bag mouse put four small wheels under a shoe and made a small car. It is really comfortable to sit on it. Mao Maoqiu tied two straps to the shoes to make a small swing, which is really fun to wander around. What do doodle bears do with big shoes? Use it to make a flower pot, plant the most beautiful flower. The baby elephant also ran to play, and saw the baby buggy, the little swing with a furry ball, and the flower of a toot bear. His eyes widened in surprise: \"Unexpectedly, my shoes can be made so much fun Something. \""}, {"nb": 1912, "data": "I helped my mother wash the dishes for dinner, and I plan to help my mother wash the dishes. I first put water in the pool, poured a little dishwashing liquid, and stroked it with my hand. Many bubbles came out of the pool. Next, I soaked the bowl in the sink, gently washed the inside and outside of the bowl with a rag, then washed the edges of the bowl, and finally rinsed it off with clean water one by one. I picked up the bowl and rubbed it in my hand. The small bowl made a \"creak\" sound. Yeah, the bowl can still sing! I also hummed in a minor happily. I am very happy because I help my mother wash the dishes."}, {"nb": 1913, "data": "In the past, a teacher taught a question to students: see who can buy a thing with not much money and can fill up the study. After school, all the students went to the fair. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study room with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took a candle from his sleeve, and lit it. The candlelight immediately lit up the whole room. Mr. met, and said happily, \"Okay! Okay! Han Yu is really smart!\""}, {"nb": 1914, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 1915, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 1916, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 1917, "data": "There are many, many useful small animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let's take a look at the dragonfly first! Look, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, which is really like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its figure is thin and long and really slim. Not only does it eat pests, but it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it shows that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! Look, there is a little swallow in the sky that is busy catching flying insects! The swallow is dressed in a black tuxedo. The tail is like a pair of small scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it flies low. Quack quack quack quack quack, who is coming Oh, it turned out to be a little frog. It bulged with a pair of big eyes, dressed in turquoise and green clothes, and exposed the belly of snow-white snow-white, very cute. It can eat thousands of pests in a year. It is a good helper to protect crops. There are so many useful little animals around us! We must protect those lovely little lives well!"}, {"nb": 1918, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 1919, "data": "Winter is here and the little frog is swimming in the small pond. It \u2019s so good to find a companion! The little frog asked the loach: \"Let's play together?\" Said the loach: \"It's getting cold. I'm going to dig into the bed to spend the winter!\" After I finished, I got into the soft river and disappeared. The little frog asked a little carp next to him: \"Let's play together!\" The little carp shook his head and said, \"We all sleep together in winter!\" How should the little frog spend the winter?"}, {"nb": 1920, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 1921, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 1922, "data": "In the place where I lived when I was a kid, the leaves will speak softly, the grass will gently shake hands, and the flowers will blush and smile. Where I lived as a child, the birds will sing happily, the streams will flow freely, and a fragrance will float in the sky. Where I lived when I was a kid, a thin line will pop up and fly quietly into my atrium, making me feel infinitely warm and full of sunshine."}, {"nb": 1923, "data": "Dad is a big tree, Mom is a big tree. I am a happy bird flying between two big trees."}, {"nb": 1924, "data": "There are 8 small goldfish in my water tank, some are beige, some are silver, some are golden, some are black, and some are red and white ... colorful, very beautiful. I love them very much."}, {"nb": 1925, "data": "The plane flies really high! Many paratroopers jumped out of the plane. After a while, the umbrella on them opened. The colors of the umbrella bag are red, yellow, blue, and green. What a beautiful look!"}, {"nb": 1926, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a group of white geese. The sun reflected in the pond, like a bright red balloon. The crescent moon is reflected in the pond, like a crooked boat. The stars are reflected in the pond like many shiny pearls."}, {"nb": 1927, "data": "The lion is king in the forest. Specially catch small animals to eat. The squirrel said, \"It ate my tail.\" The rabbit said, \"It ate my little brother.\" The little monkey said, \"There must be some way to cure it.\" One day, the little monkey said to the lion, \"There is by the river The big lion wants to eat you. \"The lion walked over to the river and saw that there was a fierce big lion. It jumped up and rushed into the river."}, {"nb": 1928, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 1929, "data": "Fun toys are in the spacious cabinets, filled with my toys. Bears who can take pictures, foxes driving trains, frogs jumping around, colorful plasticine. After finishing my homework every day, I play with them."}, {"nb": 1930, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 1931, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 1932, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 1933, "data": "In the past, a teacher taught a question to students: see who can buy a thing with not much money and can fill up the study. After school, all the students went to the fair. Some bought straw, some bought saplings, some bought cotton ... but no one could fill the study room with anything. A student named Han Yu walked into the study, took a candle from his sleeve, and lit it. The candlelight immediately lit up the whole room. Mr. met, and said happily, \"Okay! Okay! Han Yu is really smart!\""}, {"nb": 1934, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 1935, "data": "When I took a pen and wrote \"River\" in my little exercise book, a splash of water splashed in front of my eyes, and a palace rose from the bottom of the water. When my pen wrote \"grassland\", I saw the bees busy among the flowers, and two butterflies were twirling, and I could put them all in the net with a wave of my hand."}, {"nb": 1936, "data": "On the way, the pony met the old goat, and said to the old goat: \"Grandpa Goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat happily got on the car. Not far away, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. Pony said to them: \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and Rabbit also jumped into the car with pleasure. Everyone said that Ma was really enthusiastic."}, {"nb": 1937, "data": "My hometown is on the plains. The plains she painted were so flat and so wide. There are golden rice, white cotton, and large green fields. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house and green bamboos behind the house. The little girl running on the field is mediocre."}, {"nb": 1938, "data": "Gu Zi said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red, I just let the autumn color be red.\" Cotton said: Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I have this silver coat? Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and the flowers that I open are proof.\" Song Bai said: Autumn and summer are no different, they are as green as me ... Autumn listened and shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous autumn should be.\" ! \""}, {"nb": 1939, "data": "This little turtle is very small, not much bigger than the thumb. The four small feet are as big as rice grains. There are some small black spots on the earthy back. The little turtle's head stretched out and shrunk, but it was interesting."}, {"nb": 1940, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 1941, "data": "The old man on the calendar stepped on the sound of firecrackers and flew with the snowflakes. Look, who is coming to us? Ah, it is the old man of the calendar who came to his side. The old man of the calendar is so nice, he gave us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet and refined toffee. It is a thick new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns, give us 365 moons. Going to school in summer teaches us not to be afraid of heat, but reading early in winter teaches us not to be afraid of frost. Accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve every day. Ah, how precious is the gift of the old man of the calendar, we must cherish it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail, leading us to sail every day in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge."}, {"nb": 1942, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 1943, "data": "The blue sun hangs in the red sun, and the green hills under the sun are especially beautiful. The stream is like a green streamer, singing a cheerful song; the golden Mai Lang is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1944, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 1945, "data": "The voice of spring sings \"Tick Tick\" in spring, spring wind plays the piano \"sand rustle\", spring thunder plays drums \"Boom\", spring applauds \"Wala\", held a spring concert, Chunsun is a conductor."}, {"nb": 1946, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1947, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 1948, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. There is a crescent creek in front of the village, and there is a stone bridge on the river. The river flows slowly around the village, and a school of fish swims in the river. The clear river reflects the small bridge, green trees and Castle Peak. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms. From afar, they look like a green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay."}, {"nb": 1949, "data": "Spring is here, what color should the spring sun paint? Oh, draw a color. Because spring is a colorful season."}, {"nb": 1950, "data": "The little fireflies of summer night, flying low on the grass of summer night, carrying a small red light, attentively watching this world of flowers and plants. Fireflies, don't you think your lights are too small? Don't you think you are burning yourself? The firefly didn't answer. It was still flying around, carrying its beautiful red light burning with life, flying among the thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1951, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 1952, "data": "The beautiful girl of Spring Girl is here. The girl wears a wreath made of colorful flowers on her head and wears a green and transparent skirt on her body. The tender green grass said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"You made my skirt with green.\" The blooming flowers said: \"Chun girl, you are beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Yes You made my crown of flowers with petals. \"The willow tree by the river said:\" Spring girl, you are so beautiful! \"Spring girl said:\" You used the soft branches to decorate my tress. \"The flying butterfly said: \"Miss Spring, you are so beautiful!\" Chun girl said: \"Without your beauty, how can there be my beauty? My beauty belongs to everyone.\""}, {"nb": 1953, "data": "Where is the spray home? Home is in the sea. When does the spray open? Please ask the wind. What color is the spray? Blossoming white as clouds. How much is the spray? Thousands and thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 1954, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 1955, "data": "Monkey and peas A monkey holds two peas. A little peas fell off. He reached up and picked it up. Then he dropped twenty more. He went to pick up the twenty, and many of them fell off. So he lost his temper and scattered the peas in all directions, and left."}, {"nb": 1956, "data": "Mishutka and Stasik sat on the bench in the small garden and chatted. Their chats are different from other children's; they speak big things and falsehoods as if they are the most bizarre than watching who speaks. \"How old are you?\" Mishutka asked. \"Ninety-five. What about you?\" \"I'm all forty years old.\" Mishutka said, \"You know, I used to be as tall as Uncle Paulia, but it became so short again now \"Starcick immediately said,\" Then I changed from a child to an adult, and then to a child, and I will become an adult later. \"\" I used to swim across the river. \"Mishutka Said again. \"Huh, you can swim across the river, and I can swim across the sea.\" \"What's so great about the sea! I can swim across the ocean!\" \"I used to fly!\" \"Don't brag, you fly me one \"\" \"Not right now, I have forgotten how to fly.\""}, {"nb": 1957, "data": "Fighting little crab In the blue bay, there is a little crab, which relies on a pair of clips, so it is always good to bully others. The little fish was caught in it and shouted at her mother. The little tortoise was too afraid of him to stretch his head out. Shrimp ran far away when he saw it. Seeing everyone fearing it, the little crab was very proud and raised his head to spit bubbles. Suddenly, it found a small iron rod and thought, \"Who dares to mess with me? See how I hold you!\" \"Haha!\" A little boy cried, \"I caught a little crab.\""}, {"nb": 1958, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, osmanthus blossoms, and the sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden-yellow osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four small petals, which are very cute. As soon as the wind blew, the little osmanthus flies down, and the golden osmanthus rained down. Dad told me that osmanthus has different colors. The golden ones are called Jin Gui, the silver ones are called Yin Gui, and the orange ones are called Dan Gui."}, {"nb": 1959, "data": "On the afternoon of Saturday, the teacher took us to Tiananmen to fly a kite. There are so many kites over the square! There are golden yellow \"little bees\", snow-white \"swans\", and silver-gray \"pigeons\". They flew freely, decorating the sky above Tiananmen Square colorfully."}, {"nb": 1960, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 1961, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 1962, "data": "The little seagull is like a hardworking bee collecting honey on the snowy waves. Like a silvery white butterfly, flying on the deep blue grass beach. Look, the naughty seagull is playing games with the spray! There are no big trees, no flowers, and no golden houses in the sea, at night. Where do they live? Mother said, \"The sea is their home.\""}, {"nb": 1963, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 1964, "data": "Spring Rain The rusty spring rain, like thousands of silk threads down ... Shuttle swallows hold the rain silk, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves and the red ones are peach blossoms. A bright stream was also woven, and the fish in the river waggled their tails happily. On the hillside across the river, there are farmers who sow seeds; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture!"}, {"nb": 1965, "data": "The little white rabbit with the squirrel's tail saw the squirrel with a big tail, and felt very strange. He thought, what's the use of such a big tail? At this time, the squirrel jumped down from a large tree and landed gently on a small tree. The big, light and soft tail is like a parachute. The little white rabbit saw it and said, \"You can jump off such a tall tree. It turned out that the big tail helped!\" Said the squirrel. \"My tail has other uses. Look!\" Squirrel's As soon as the big tail warped, he covered his body. It turns out that when the squirrel sleeps, it treats the big tail as a soft and warm quilt!"}, {"nb": 1966, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 1967, "data": "On the way home from school, I found an injured bird. Looking at its pitiful appearance, he took it home. This little bird has a long, pointed mouth with a small amount of red hair on its head. The feathers on the back and tail are black, and the feathers on the abdomen are gray. It looks good! Mother came back from work and saw the bird, and happily told me, \"This is a woodpecker. It can prey on pests in tree holes. People call it\" Dr. Tree. \"\" I heard it and thought, \"It turns out Only beneficial bird! After I have taken care of its wounds, I must send it back to nature and let it continue to heal the trees. \""}, {"nb": 1968, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 1969, "data": "After the rainbow and the ancient bridge rain, a rainbow appeared in the blue sky. That rainbow is pretty. The ancient bridge after the rain is not like that. It is simple, quiet, and it puts the ancient roots on the solid ground, allowing people to come and go freely. Rainbow looked at the ancient bridge and squeezed a smile out of his teeth: \"Hee hee! You can also call the bridge! Look at my colorful sky high in the blue sky, how fashionable, how majestic! But you, your waist is bent like a hump Old man, you deserve to be called a bridge too! \"The ancient bridge was silent, still silent, welcoming people from south to north. The rainbow has become more proud. However, even it couldn't figure out what was going on. Suddenly, he found himself disappearing gradually. But the ancient bridge is still standing firm."}, {"nb": 1970, "data": "The leaves grow on the tree, and the branches use it as a fan. When it fell on the ground, the bug took it as a quilt. Floating in the river, the fish used it as an umbrella. Flying to the sky, the bird used it as a kite ... The leaves said \"Everyone likes me, I'm so happy.\""}, {"nb": 1971, "data": "The north wind blew blowing. It blew on the grass and the grass changed color. It blew at the plane tree, which had fallen leaves. It blew at the bird, and the bird hid in the nest."}, {"nb": 1972, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 1973, "data": "Snowman \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" Xiaohua took out the tool and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same courtyard to pile up the snowman. Xiaohua first piled up a big snowball with a dustpan as a snowman's body. Xiaohong took out the bamboo pole and inserted it into the snowball. This is the hand. So the fat body was done. Xiaoli piled up a small head with a dustpan, and his eyes, nose, and hat were worse. By the way, the iron bucket can be used as a hat. Xiaogang took out two small round briquettes and a carrot from his home, pressed it on the snowman's face, and drew a curved line with his finger under the snowman's nose, ha! A snowman is piled up. The little friends all laughed with joy."}, {"nb": 1974, "data": "The scenery of Lushan Mountain is very beautiful. There are no peaks, there are valleys, there are waterfalls, there are streams, especially the fickle clouds, which adds a bit of mystery to it. Seeing the mountains, it seems that you can feel the floating clouds and mists. Walking on the mountain road, there will often be a feeling that the clouds are driving the fog and fluttering. The clouds and mists of Lushan Mountain are various. Those clouds and clouds that cover the top of the mountain are like white velvet caps on the top; those that are wrapped around the middle of the mountain are like a jade belt tied around the mountainside. Clouds permeate the valley, it is a vast sea; clouds cover the mountain peaks, and it is a huge sky. The clouds and mists in Lushan are changing rapidly. The cloud in front of me was just a ray of light that drifted with the wind, and in a blink of an eye, it turned into a galaxy of nine days of galaxy; it was obviously a white horse with four hooves and wind, and it has not yet been fully seen by you, it has become An iceberg floating on the Arctic Ocean ..."}, {"nb": 1975, "data": "I have ten small fish made of wax. Some of these small wax fishes have white bodies and sky blue patterns; some have red bodies and yellow patterns; others have a piece of green on the whole body, which is really beautiful."}, {"nb": 1976, "data": "Big Tortoise We have a big tortoise in our house. It is tan and has a hard shell. There are 13 pentagonal scales in the middle of its shell and 27 quadrilateral scales around it, indicating that it is 27 years old. Its head looks like a snake, with a pointed mouth and a pair of small black eyes, four sharp claws and a small tail. The tortoise crawled very slowly. It raised its head and looked around for a while before it began to crawl. When he met the horse and retracted his head into the shell, he looked very cute. When the fishermen near the Yellow River found it, it was very sick. Under our careful care, it became healthy. When spring came, we were ready to send it back to the Yellow River to make it a happy life."}, {"nb": 1977, "data": "When autumn came, the goat teacher brought small animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. Teacher Goat said: \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you, what color do you like?\" The little bear said: \"I like gold, because the rice is golden and golden, it brings us a bumper harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said: \"I like red because the apples are red. The red apples are fragrant and sweet, symbolizing enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said: \"I like purple because the eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobility.\" The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautifully dresses our world!\""}, {"nb": 1978, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 1979, "data": "Who lives in the new building on the top floor is built. Who lives on the top floor? Everyone thinks: Grandpa Niu is older and has inconvenient movements. He cannot live on the top floor. Pony volunteered and said: \"I live on the top floor, I love to run, and I'm in good health.\" \"No, no. Your steps are too heavy, it will affect everyone's rest. Let me live on the top floor. My steps are light, and I jump and jump Just go up. \"Said Little Rabbit. \"No, no! You have long hind legs and short forelegs. It's easy to go downstairs. It's hard to get downstairs. You can fall on your head.\" The puppy said, \"I live on the top floor. I walk light and fast, and there is no noise.\" \"No , No! You live on the top floor, who will watch the door for everyone? You should live on the first floor. \"The little monkey said,\" Let me live on the top floor, I can climb high and move fast! \"Everyone agreed. The little monkey lived on the top floor. He hung a rope from the window, and he walked up and down, but it was almost fast. He also distributed letters and newspapers to various households by the way."}, {"nb": 1980, "data": "My home is in Hainan Island, where there are more fruits! There are bananas, candied dates, watermelons, etc., and coconuts that I like. The trunk of the coconut is straight and tall, and there are clusters of wide and long leaves on the top of the tree, like a fan. Under the long leaves, a string of coconuts grows, the dark green ones just grow out, the light green ones start to mature, and the brown ones are ripe."}, {"nb": 1981, "data": "The funny little sky sister stood in front of the window and looked up at the sky. There are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. One is like a goldfish, one is like a goat, the other is like a white horse, the largest one is like a white bear. The little sister beckoned to them: \"Friends, come and dance with me, will you?\""}, {"nb": 1982, "data": "Kangaroo and Gold An old kangaroo took its children out. When it was tired to walk and put down the child to rest, he found a pile of gold around him. The old kangaroo looked at Jin Cancan's gold and still put his child in the bag. The grass on the roadside said to the kangaroo: \"Will you not use your sack to fill a bag full of gold?\" \"No.\" The kangaroo said, \"I still want my child. In the mother's heart, I lost Dear relatives, gold is worthless."}, {"nb": 1983, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 1984, "data": "The scenery in the park is really beautiful. Today, the sun is shining brightly, and there are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. I and my mother and father rowed a boat in the lake of the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and the surroundings are full of colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. Birds sing tactful songs on the trees. A group of children are playing the game of eagles and chicks under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward bravely . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... The scenery in the park is so beautiful! Sitting in the bow of the boat, I couldn't help singing loudly. My father and mother sang softly with me while rowing: \"Today's weather is fine and sunny, with good scenery everywhere, good scenery ...\""}, {"nb": 1985, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 1986, "data": "In the winter of Mi Jia's diary, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh and went skating on the river with his friends. He happily wrote a diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He happily wrote a diary: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, gathers wild fruits, and turns over under the shade of the trees. He happily wrote a diary: \"Summer is really happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the orchards in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are yellow and clear. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is so lovely. I hope it will always be autumn.\""}, {"nb": 1987, "data": "I have a beautiful wish to plant the sun, so I can plant the sun when I grow up. It is enough to sow one seed, and it will produce many and many suns. One for the Antarctic and one for the Arctic Ocean. One hangs in winter and one hangs in the evening. By that time, every corner of the world will be warm and bright."}, {"nb": 1988, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 1989, "data": "The flowers of the four seasons in spring, the spring flowers blowing small brass, the peach flowers show a pink smile, the pear flowers are white like snow ... In the summer, the lotus flowers hold a small green umbrella, the pomegranate flowers ignite a bunch of flames, and the canna is a small yellow bow Girl ... In the autumn, the fragrance of osmanthus fragrant, drilled into the nose from far away; chrysanthemum unfolds golden petals; a bunch of red is a bunch of sugar gourds of autumn wind dolls ... are there any flowers in winter? In the cold wind, in the blizzard, you see, plum blossoms are blooming!"}, {"nb": 1990, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 1991, "data": "My family has a little white rabbit, which is very cute. The little white rabbit's fur is snow-white, and it looks like a bunch of glittering snowflakes in the bright sunlight. It has a pair of long ears erected on its head, as long as there is movement, it will oscillate non-stop. The most beautiful thing is its pair of big red eyes, which are really like rubies embedded in white jade. I like the little white rabbit very much and give it fresh grass every day."}, {"nb": 1992, "data": "Gu Zi said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red, I just let the autumn color be red.\" Cotton said: Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I have this silver coat? Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and the flowers that I open are proof.\" Song Bai said: Autumn and summer are no different, they are as green as me ... Autumn listened and shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous autumn should be.\" ! \""}, {"nb": 1993, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 1994, "data": "The little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the door of his good friend, the red squirrel. But one day, they quarreled, and the little brown bear would never fold a small paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear felt very sad. He still folded the paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat before the little brown bear, and let him float to the door of the little brown bear. They soon reconciled."}, {"nb": 1995, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sunlight, we blow up colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly to the blue sky. Some are like small dewdrops, and some are like beautiful colored balls. Bubbles flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom; Bubbles flew to space and danced with the stars in the sky; Bubbles flew to the lawn, holding hands with the grass hand, shoulder by shoulder, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 1996, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 1997, "data": "Where is spring? Find spring in nature! Spring is on the branches, wicker is green and peach flowers are bright. Spring is in the air, warm with the wind, swallows flying. Spring is in the water, fish chase, ducks play in the water. Spring is in the field, the wheat seedlings turn green, and the cauliflower is golden. There is spring everywhere, and spring is full of people."}, {"nb": 1998, "data": "what ! Evening glow, how beautiful, it was like a galloping horse in Mercedes for a while, roaring like a lion for a while, blooming like blossoming flowers for a while ... I looked at it, and my body felt light, as if I had become a sunset. After a while, a ray of ray of light came, and the evening glow shone brilliantly. I opened my eyes slightly, and seven colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple suddenly appeared in front of me. My body seemed to be surrounded by colors."}, {"nb": 1999, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 2000, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 2001, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 2002, "data": "The lotus pond is really fun. There is a shallow pond next to my house. The pond is full of lotus leaves and full of lotus flowers. The round and large lotus leaf is like a green umbrella that has been stretched out. It can be shaded when hiding inside. The pink lotus flowers are more beautiful than any flowers. They grow in the middle of the green lotus leaves and dress the small pond so beautifully! My friends and I like to play in the lotus pond the most. Hiding in a large basin, gently paddling with your hands, swaying, swaying into the lotus, hiding under the lotus leaf to cool off in the wind, listening to the croaking of frogs. It's raining, the raindrops hit the lotus leaf, ticking, like it really is the \"umbrella\" propped on our heads!"}, {"nb": 2003, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 2004, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sunlight, we blow up colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly to the blue sky. Some are like small dewdrops, and some are like beautiful colored balls. Bubbles flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom; Bubbles flew to space and danced with the stars in the sky; Bubbles flew to the lawn, holding hands with the grass hand, shoulder by shoulder, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 2005, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel is a beautiful little animal. It has flexible limbs and agile movements, always jumping on branches, chasing and playing with each other. On the delicate little face, a pair of sparkling little eyes were embedded, turning cautiously. The grayish-brown hair on the body is as smooth as oil, and it feels delicate and soft to the touch. A big fluffy tail is always upturned, and it looks extra beautiful."}, {"nb": 2006, "data": "Opening up the earth It is said that a long time ago, the heaven and the earth were together. It was endless, and it looked like a big egg. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was born. One day, Pangu split the \"egg\" with his own axe. In this way, the light object rises into a high blue sky; the heavy one sinks into a vast earth. Pangu was afraid that the world and the world would join together, so he supported the world with his hands and feet. Slowly, the longer and higher the Pangu, the higher and higher the sky, and the thicker the ground. In the end, Pangu spent 18,000 years to complete the mission."}, {"nb": 2007, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 2008, "data": "The flower dog doctor asked the monkey laboratory technician to test the animal's blood. There are so many patients! Spiders, snails, shrimps, earthworms ... all here. The monkey laboratory technician took their blood out and put it in a glass tube. The test results came out, but Dr. Huagou found that there was no name on the glass tube. It turned out that the monkey laboratory technician forgot to write the name. The little monkey cried in a hurry. Flower dog said: \"Don't worry, the green is the blood of the spider, the light blue is the blood of the snail, the blue is the blood of the shrimp, the rose is the blood of the earthworm.\" The monkey listened, and wrote carefully on the glass tube The name, and said: \"In the future, I must be serious.\""}, {"nb": 2009, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 2010, "data": "When the pony grows up, the old horse invites the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The little horses have learned to show the old horses the same. The old horse was very happy to see it. He kissed the face of the little horse and said, \"You have learned so many skills. You are really a good boy.\" Do things for everyone. \""}, {"nb": 2011, "data": "The lively forest is in the big forest, the big cock and the little yellow warbler always get up early. You listen to \"Oh ...\" The big cock is using its bright voice to make people wake up early! The little yellow warbler is not willing to sing behind the \"chirp\". Look over there, the little white rabbit and the little gray rabbit have already started their work for a day. They are working together to build a beautiful new house. Listen to \"Ding Ding Dang Dang ...\" This is the little gray rabbit moving bricks fast! Look, how powerful they are! Look here, the frog and the duck \"slammed\" into the clear lotus pond and started the swimming competition. You chased me and it was very intense. Hey, what about the monkeys and bears? They were breathless and sweat \"tick ticked\" down, in a hurry. It turned out that they were rushing to school. A variety of stories are happening in the big forest every day, every day is lively and full of joy!"}, {"nb": 2012, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 2013, "data": "My home is in Hainan Island, where there are more fruits! There are bananas, candied dates, watermelons, etc., and coconuts that I like. The trunk of the coconut is straight and tall, and there are clusters of wide and long leaves on the top of the tree, like a fan. Under the long leaves, a string of coconuts grows, the dark green ones just grow out, the light green ones start to mature, and the brown ones are ripe."}, {"nb": 2014, "data": "Stars and stars, like sweet candy, sprinkled in the sky, one here, one there, ah! It's so sweet! Stars, like popcorn, one here, one there, ah! Really fragrant!"}, {"nb": 2015, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 2016, "data": "Tree family I walk into the world of the forest. I have never seen so many trees: there are red pine, lime tree, willow, birch ... they form a big and harmonious family. Red pine, like a kind grandpa, linden tree, like a burly dad, willow tree, like a beautiful mother, and little birch, like a smart sister. Walking into the tree's family, I think of my home."}, {"nb": 2017, "data": "In the spring garden, flowers bloom in the garden. Huang Cancan's spring flowers, red and gorgeous rose flowers, snow-white magnolia flowers, and fiery red begonia flowers ... These flowers are striving for opening and blooming. Their colors are more colorful, white like snow, red like fire, yellow like gold. Standing in front of the garden, smelling the fragrance, and admiring the colorful flowers in front of my eyes, it seems that we have come to a fairyland on earth, which makes people feel relaxed and happy."}, {"nb": 2018, "data": "The beautiful lotus pond \"Xiaohe only has pointed corners, and dragonflies have long stood on it.\" This is a poem I had memorized before, and I really saw this scene when I came to the pond. A pool of green lotus leaves was squeezed and swayed gently in the breeze. A lot of crystal dewdrops rolled on the lotus leaf and slipped into the water from time to time. A lot of bright lotus flowers emerged from the lotus leaf like a big disc, some were shyly wrapped in flower bones, and some bloomed pink petals, showing yellow stamens, exuding alluring Fragrance. Sister Dragonfly was already intoxicated by the beauty in front of her. She fluttered her wings and paused on the lotus leaf for a while to stop and admire it. Sometimes she smelled a scent on the lotus flower. I am embarrassed to say: \"Without the background of Sister Lotus, how can I be beautiful!\""}, {"nb": 2019, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 2020, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 2021, "data": "Mom and Dad and my dad are as tall as a big mountain, Mom is as gentle as water, and I am like a little fish, playing between the mountain and the water. I love my home, I love my father and mother. Let love live in my house forever."}, {"nb": 2022, "data": "Little Turtle Brother and Sister Opening a Store Little Turtle Brother and Sister want to open a small store, what kind of store is good? They asked the elephant. The elephant said: \"I am a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippo. The hippo said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!\" What? The kangaroo mother told them: \"I opened a bookstore and put the newspapers in my big pockets. I could sell them wherever I went.\" The little turtle brother and sister were sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. , What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brother and sister were not sad anymore, they opened a biscuit shop. Let the sun bake its back shell hot, then spread the scones on the back shell. Baked, baked, the biscuits are delicious. The little turtle's biscuits are fragrant and crisp, and there are beautiful patterns on it. Everyone came to buy them."}, {"nb": 2023, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 2024, "data": "Mao Zedong divided the firewood and fruit into several portions, one for each person. Everyone took the cow, carried the firewood, carried the basket, and went home happily."}, {"nb": 2025, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 2026, "data": "There are small drops of water on the back of the little turtle, which must be so hot that it sweats. Sweetly hurriedly fan it. Dad told Tiantian that the tortoise is a cold-blooded animal like a fish. It is not afraid of heat. Sweating is because the back of the little turtle is cold, and there is more water vapor in the air. Small water droplets are formed on the back of the turtle, indicating that it is going to rain."}, {"nb": 2027, "data": "Sister Moon's new partner, Sister Moon, followed Mother Earth, spinning around day and night. Once, they turned to the Milky Way and suddenly found a new partner beside them. Sister Moon asked: \"Who are you? Why fly to heaven?\" \"I am an artificial satellite, Mother Earth sent me to heaven. I can help human beings to broadcast TV news, I will scout planes, warships, I will report typhoon news, I will look for oil and coal ... \"After the satellites finished speaking, Sister Moon smiled and said,\" Welcome! Now I am not only accompanied by a space shuttle, a spaceship, but also a new partner sent by Mother Earth. \""}, {"nb": 2028, "data": "It was just dawning, and my mother called me to look up at the clouds in the sky. The clouds in the sky are really beautiful: some are like red flowers, some are like white sheep, and some are like the most powerful elephants."}, {"nb": 2029, "data": "The joyful song Langya sings the joyful song, bringing snow-white shells and green shrimp to people. Birds sing joyful songs, bringing beautiful spring and gorgeous flowers to people. The fallen leaves sing joyful songs, bringing people the fruits of harvest and happy dimples. Snowflake sings joyful songs, bringing people a silver world and beautiful wishes."}, {"nb": 2030, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 2031, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 2032, "data": "A group of animals are eating grass and a tiger is rushing in. The animals were frightened and fled, but the only rhino came forward and glared at each other. The tiger froze for a moment before turning around and leaving. The animals who watched from afar swarmed up and surrounded the warrior, singing a tribute to it. The tiger didn't go far, it spied far away. After a while, he saw that the rhinoceros had left this group of animals, and immediately returned to charge. The animals fled again and again. There was only a naive little lamb just born, who was not afraid, and greeted him with a pair of curious eyes, screaming intimately at the tiger. This little guy regards the tiger as his own mother-in-law and wants to eat its milk. The tiger didn't understand what was going on. For a moment, he turned away. The animals watching from afar flocked up again, and surrounded the little warrior who was not afraid of the tiger and sang praises to it."}, {"nb": 2033, "data": "There are more than 30,000 species of spiders in the world, and more than 3,000 species in China. Spiders can be seen in forests, fields, bushes, watersides, under stones, and indoors. Many people think that spiders have very lethal venom, which is very harmful to humans and animals. In fact, most venoms of spiders do little harm to humans and animals. But there are also many poisonous spiders. There is a spider called the Black Widow, which is highly toxic and has a fatal danger of being stabbed by humans and animals. Spiders have a close relationship with humans. Although it is networked everywhere and affects the cleanliness of the environment, his usefulness is not small. Spiders are not only natural enemies of field pests. They can be used to eliminate plant worms, aphids, spider mites and other pests to increase the yield of food. They can also be used as medicines to treat diseases such as ulcers, anal prolapse, and sores."}, {"nb": 2034, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 2035, "data": "The frog sits in the well. Little birds came and landed on the edge of the well. The frog asked the little bird, \"Where did you come from?\" The little bird replied, \"I came from the sky, I flew more than a hundred miles, and I was thirsty. I came down to find some water to drink.\" The frog said, \"Friend, don't talk big. , The sky is so big for imports, is it still so far to fly? \"The bird said:\" You made a mistake. The sky is so big! \"The frog smiled and said,\" Friend, I sit in the well every day, I looked up at the sky as soon as I looked up. I would n\u2019t be mistaken. \u201dThe bird also smiled and said,\u201c Friend, I ca n\u2019t be mistaken. Unbelief, you can jump out of the wellhead and take a look. \u201d"}, {"nb": 2036, "data": "The wind on the sea is the god of flowers. When she gathers it, she bursts out thousands of waves ... The wind on the sea is a luthier. As soon as she comes, she plays ten thousand songs ... The wind on the sea is Hercules. Ten thousand pieces of fishing sails were sent away ... The wind on the sea was a lion, and when it roared, it set off monstrous waves ..."}, {"nb": 2037, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 2038, "data": "Dewdrop Dewdrop has a very small body and a short life, but it is extraordinary. When the night is shrouded, it nourishes the seedlings like a mother breastfeeding her baby; when dawn comes, it opens its tireless eyes for the first time; it hides in the air during the day, silently in the dark at night Working. It does not show off its power like a rainstorm and thunder, nor is it cruel and merciless to everything like hail. It worked silently and passed away silently. It devoted a short life to He Miao, but had nothing to do with He Miao. How much it is like a hard-working gardener who cultivates the flowers of the motherland; how much like our beloved teacher, working under the lamp at night and day and night, pouring the life's hard work into our heart!"}, {"nb": 2039, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 2040, "data": "Little Turtledove is very lonely and has few friends. One day, he asked Pulsatilla: \"Grandpa Pulsatilla, who can make friends with me?\" Pulsatilla said: \"You can go to make friends with magpie, he is enthusiastic and kind!\" Little Turtle said shamefully: \"I took over his Nest, he will not be good to me. \"Pulsatilla said:\" You can go to make friends with the woodpecker, he is hardworking and upright! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" Last time, I called him a fool, he would not forgive me Mine. \"Pulsatilla thought for a while, and then said:\" So, you try to find a little sparrow, he is naive and lively! \"Little Turtle said embarrassedly:\" No, I had a fight with him a few days ago, He pecked him with blood, \"Baitou Weng sighed and said,\" Hey, you always bully others, who wants to be your friend? \""}, {"nb": 2041, "data": "The Little Zoo The little zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer, and goats, etc. I like the goats in it the most. When I came to the zoo, I first ran to the lamb fold and took out the grass that I had prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat ran over. It has white hair, smooth and beautiful, with a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth, running, \"bleating\" while running Shouted."}, {"nb": 2042, "data": "Just after the rain, the sun came out, and a rainbow of seven colors appeared in the sky. People praised the rainbow. When Hong heard this, she became proud and said that she was more beautiful than the sun. The sun said to Hong: \"You are beautiful, this is true. However, if there is no me without you.\" Hong did not believe it, but became more proud. The sun shook his head and hid in the clouds, and the rainbow disappeared immediately."}, {"nb": 2043, "data": "The beautiful Phalaenopsis weather is so nice, I went for a walk with my dad and saw a flower on the side of the road. I asked my dad: \"What kind of flower is this?\" My dad told me: \"This is a Phalaenopsis.\" I asked: \" What kind of flower is Phalaenopsis? \"Dad said:\" This flower is very peculiar, like a beautiful butterfly, so people call it Phalaenopsis. \"I look closely, half of the petals of this flower are purple, the other half It's white, it's like a flying butterfly when it's blown by the wind, it's amazing!"}, {"nb": 2044, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 2045, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 2046, "data": "The big lion was tickling, so he called some small animals to scratch it. The little rabbit caught him, and the big lion said, \"Light! Lightened!\" , Angrily shouting. The fox found itchy and asked the big lion to grab it by himself. The big lion picked up the tickle and scratched it by himself. He wanted to grab it lightly and gently. When he wanted to grab it, he would grab it heavily. The more you grasp the more comfortable, the big lion laughs with joy."}, {"nb": 2047, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 2048, "data": "When it rains, the little white rabbit gathers mushrooms on the grass and has a good time. Suddenly, the wind blew and the rain started. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and placed it on the head as an umbrella, but the rain would not rain. Suddenly, it saw a chick drenched. \"Chicks, come under the leaves!\" So the chicks and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing again in the rain. \"Little cats, come under the leaves!\" So the three of them hid under the big leaves. The rain stopped, and they played happily together."}, {"nb": 2049, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 2050, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 2051, "data": "My little goldfish There are two little goldfish in my family. They are golden on their bodies. Two bulging eyes seem to be watching you every moment. They have a fan-like tail, which is always swayed in the water, and a belly like a ball, which eats a lot of food at once. They have a lot of fun in the water. I like them very much. The first thing I do every day when I come back is to feed them."}, {"nb": 2052, "data": "A beauty contest is being held in the beauty contest forest. Miss Duck quickly put on a pair of small red leather shoes and ran to \"Plop\". She fell down. At this moment, the little frog was coated with a layer of white powder, Miss Crow was dressed with colorful peacock feathers, and Miss Cat was wearing a pink dress and took to the stage. Miss Duck took off her shoes and walked freely on the stage with bare feet. In the end, Miss Duck won the first place."}, {"nb": 2053, "data": "The turtle is a kind of reptile. It can swim and crawl, but it crawls very slowly. Turtles eat grass, but also eat small fish and shrimp. Turtles also like to bask in the sun. During hibernation, it does not eat or move."}, {"nb": 2054, "data": "The mother Bunny without skills has four children. One day, she gave an assignment to her four children, and gave each child a piece of paper, asking them to use their own brains and use this piece of paper to do something meaningful. Xiao Hui found a brush to write on the paper. Behind him, Xiaoqing thought, \"Will I be able to write? Let's do something else.\" Xiaohong knelt on the ground and drew on paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought, \"I can't paint well, so I'll do something else.\" Little Black has folded a small bird out of paper. Xiao Qing looked at it and thought: I still won't break it, there is no way. As a result, Xiao Qingdong looked at it, West looked at it, and when her mother came to check it, she did nothing ..."}, {"nb": 2055, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 2056, "data": "Spring is here and the flowers in the park are blooming. Some are red, some are white, and some are yellow, so beautiful. The flowers are for everyone to see, let's not pick them."}, {"nb": 2057, "data": "The little squirrel put on a thick leather jacket to prepare for the winter. When it saw the sycamore tree shaking, the yellow leaves fell down, and asked anxiously: \"Daddy sycamore tree, it's cold, why don't you grow a lot of leaves, but the leaves fall off, the whole body is bare, isn't it cold in winter? \"The phoenix tree laughed and said,\" Good boy, I dropped the leaves just for winter! \"The little squirrel asked in surprise:\" So, the leaves grow because of the fear of heat? \"\" No, spring, summer The leaves help me grow taller, which is very important! \"\" Then ... \"Little squirrel doesn't know what to say. The sycamore tree laughed again: \"It is a big deal for us to drop leaves. The leaves can distribute moisture. The leaves are dry in the fall. The roots drink less water. As soon as the leaves radiate, we will die if we lack water. You can spend the winter better. \""}, {"nb": 2058, "data": "Little White Rabbit wants to build a building, but I do n\u2019t know which floor to live on. Go to the rooster to discuss: \"Brother Rooster, which floor do I live on?\" The cock said, \"Brother White Rabbit, you still live on the second floor, second floor. It's warm in winter and cool in summer. \"On the day of construction, the father-in-law came, and he persuaded the little white rabbit to lay the foundation well, otherwise, the building would fall. The little white rabbit said, \"It doesn't matter, I live on the second floor.\" The old goat shook his head and left. The building of the little white rabbit was just finished, and there was heavy rain under \"Boom\". The black soil under the building became mud, and the building fell. On the second floor where the little white rabbit will live, it is torn to the east and west to the ground and collapsed on the ground."}, {"nb": 2059, "data": "Five sweet grapes. Three little squirrels found the last bunch of grapes left over from the summer on the vine. There are a total of 20 grapes on this bunch of grapes. The little squirrels surrounded the bunch of grapes and did an arithmetic: three of them, plus their mother, there were four of them, divided into 20 grapes. \"Five per person!\" The little squirrels shouted with joy. A little squirrel stepped forward and took five very green grapes. He said: \"I ate sour grapes, my mother can eat sweet grapes!\" Another little squirrel stepped forward and took five comparisons. Small grapes, he said: \"I eat small grapes, my mother will be able to eat big grapes!\" Another little squirrel stepped forward to take five grapes that were a little broken, he said: \"I have crushed grapes Mom will be able to eat good grapes! \"In this way, three little squirrels gave their moms five sweet, ripe, largest and best grapes. It is a sweet grape with a bite of honey."}, {"nb": 2060, "data": "The spring of pomegranate is here, and the pomegranate is blooming. Its flowers are orange-red, its stamens are pale yellow, and there are some thin petals on its head. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers have bigger and bigger belly, and soon they will be as big as eggs. A few weeks later, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell. The pomegranates all cracked their mouths and smiled. How neat the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Autumn is here, the pomegranate is ripe, pick it down and try it, hey! It's sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down."}, {"nb": 2061, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 2062, "data": "There is a crescent creek in front of our village. In the spring, the ice and snow in the river melted, and the river flowed slowly around the village. There is a stone bridge over the river. Weeping willows by the river spit out tender green buds, and pink peach blossoms protruded from the branches. Swarms of small fish swim around in the river. After school, we came to the river and sang and danced, not to mention how happy we were."}, {"nb": 2063, "data": "The motherland is a big garden with small crayons. It is really beautiful, red, yellow, black, white, green, blue. The red pen draws the sun, a circle. Blue strokes on the river, three curved lines. Yellow pen draws a small piece, that is a small sailboat. The green pen draws a big triangle, that is a mountain. Draw all kinds of crayons together to draw a large garden of the motherland."}, {"nb": 2064, "data": "Five sweet grapes. Three little squirrels found the last bunch of grapes left over from the summer on the vine. There are a total of 20 grapes on this bunch of grapes. The little squirrels surrounded the bunch of grapes and did an arithmetic: three of them, plus their mother, there were four of them, divided into 20 grapes. \"Five per person!\" The little squirrels shouted with joy. A little squirrel stepped forward and took five very green grapes. He said: \"I ate sour grapes, my mother can eat sweet grapes!\" Another little squirrel stepped forward and took five comparisons. Small grapes, he said: \"I eat small grapes, my mother will be able to eat big grapes!\" Another little squirrel stepped forward to take five grapes that were a little broken, he said: \"I have crushed grapes Mom will be able to eat good grapes! \"In this way, three little squirrels gave their moms five sweet, ripe, largest and best grapes. It is a sweet grape with a bite of honey."}, {"nb": 2065, "data": "Gu Zi said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red, I just let the autumn color be red.\" Cotton said: Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I have this silver coat? Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and the flowers that I open are proof.\" Song Bai said: Autumn and summer are no different, they are as green as me ... Autumn listened and shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous autumn should be.\" ! \""}, {"nb": 2066, "data": "The little pig was envious when he saw the ducks playing on the water. At this time, a frog was swimming happily in the water, and the pig saw and said, \"Haha, swimming is too easy.\" All of a sudden, he jumped into the water. No matter how the hands and feet move in the water, the pig sinks straight down and drank a belly. Otherwise, the eldest brother Buffalo rescued him in time, I am afraid it would have been dead."}, {"nb": 2067, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2068, "data": "The sweet flute little white rabbit intends to grow sugar cane. The little goat said to her: \"The sugarcane you plant must be very sweet.\" \"Thank you for your encouragement!\" Said the little white rabbit, \"don't forget to eat sugarcane!\" Uncle Niu told the little white rabbit: \"Grow sugarcane You have to loosen the soil first, and then cut the old sugarcane into small pieces, bury them in the ground, and apply more fertilizer. \"The little fat pig came to help her arch the ground, sweat and mud. Little foxes and little monkeys came to help her find fertilizer, and she picked them up one after another. The little white rabbit was so moved that he said aloud, \"Uncle Niu, the little fat pig, the little fox, the little monkey, must come to eat sugar cane when the sugar cane is ripe!\" But in autumn, only one tree grows in the sugar cane field Little sugarcane seedlings. \"I promised my friends to eat sugar cane, but now ... ooh--woo--woo--\" Little White Rabbit cried sadly, her eyes cried red. The little white rabbit thought: What's the use of crying? Suddenly, she had a good idea. She chopped down the sugarcane seedlings, digged and emptied it, and drilled eight small holes. Ha, a long sugar cane flute. The little white rabbit played his flute, and the sound of the flute traveled far and far. The little goat heard it; the little fat pig heard it; the little fox and the little monkey heard it; and the uncle Niu also heard it. Everyone said, \"The flute played by the little white rabbit is really nice, with a hint of sweetness. We seem to be eating sugar cane!\" The little white rabbit smiled. She puffed up her three petals, blowing vigorously, blowing ..."}, {"nb": 2069, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 2070, "data": "The motherland is a big garden with small crayons. It is really beautiful, red, yellow, black, white, green, blue. The red pen draws the sun, a circle. Blue strokes on the river, three curved lines. Yellow pen draws a small piece, that is a small sailboat. The green pen draws a big triangle, that is a mountain. Draw all kinds of crayons together to draw a large garden of the motherland."}, {"nb": 2071, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 2072, "data": "The lovely big flower clock is here in spring. The little bees are really hardworking. They came to the garden early in the morning to gather nectar. It flew from flower to flower to gather honey. Suddenly, Sunflower said to the bee: \"Resume for a while, it's time to go home for lunch.\" The little bee asked, \"Is it noon? How do you know?\" Sunflower said mysteriously: \"We have a big clock here Ah! \"The little bee looked around:\" Where is the big flower clock? \"The lark flew over and fluttered her beautiful wings, and said with a smile:\" Little bee, I know where, let's go and see this big flower Bell! \"So he flew to a large flower plate. Although there were many flowers in it, most of them were not in bloom, only one flower was blooming. The lark said: \"This kind of flower is called\" noon flower \". She only opened it at noon. She is blooming at noon, of course!\" The little bee asked, \"Is the flower opening time fixed?\" The lark said: \"Of course, different flowers will open at different times: hops open at three o'clock in the morning, petunias generally bloom at four o'clock, roses bloom at five o'clock, solanum flowers bloom at six o'clock, peony flowers open at seven o'clock, lotus flowers It opens at 8 o'clock and at 10 o'clock is the Scutellaria barbata. \"\" There is no alarm clock, the biological clock in their body wakes them up! \"\" I learned a way to master time again! \"The little bee said happily."}, {"nb": 2073, "data": "The little fox's necklace The little fox and his father and mother planted many broad beans last fall. In spring, broad beans bloom beautiful butterfly flowers, and bear many big and full broad beans. They harvested many broad beans. The mother of the fox stringed the broad beans to make a green necklace, which hung around the little fox's neck. The little fox was wearing a green necklace and looked in the mirror. It was so beautiful! She went out happily to find a little friend to play with. On the way, the little fox came across a little flower dog. The little flower dog was lying on the ground looking for something! The little fox asked strangely, \"Little flower dog, what are you looking for?\" The little flower dog said sadly, \"My button was lost.\" The little fox looked, and the little flower dog's pants really lacked a green button. The little fox immediately took a broad bean and handed it to the little flower dog: \"Is this button beautiful?\" The little flower dog said happily: \"Thank you, little fox!\" The little fox went on, and suddenly heard the little flower cat \"Meow\" was very fierce, she hurried over to watch. It turned out that tomorrow is the birthday of a good friend, Little Rabbit, and the little cat is preparing a picture for the little rabbit. There are green leaves and red flowers on the painting, but some fruits are missing. The little cat does not know how to paint the fruits. The little fox understood it, immediately took off the necklace, and handed it to the little cat, saying, \"Just hang these fruits on it!\" Everyone hung the broad beans on the leaves and flowers with all their hands, haha! This picture is so beautiful! Everyone happily danced around the painting. It was dark and the little fox bounced back home. What happened to the little fox's mother? Where is the little fox 's necklace?"}, {"nb": 2074, "data": "Yue Fei Xue Writing Yue Fei When I was young, my family was very poor. He wanted to learn writing, but he didn't have the money to buy paper and pens. One day, Yue Fei went home, carrying a basket in his hand, which was filled with sand and sand, and there were branches on the sand. He said to his mother: \"Mom, I can learn to write. I have paper and pen.\" His mother said: \"Where are your paper and pen?\" Yue Fei put the sand on the ground and said, \"Mom, this is what My paper. \"He pointed to the branch again and said,\" This is my pen. \"Since then, he used the branch to study and write on the sand every day."}, {"nb": 2075, "data": "Little Porcelain Pig \"Housekeeper\" I have a little Pork piggy bank. Its whole body is white and flawless, chubby. The small mouth pouted upwards, almost connected with the nose, and there was a little red dot on the nose, which looked cute and cute. A pair of eyes looked at me with a smile. There is also a \"secret door\" on the back of the little porcelain pig. I always put the saved money in its belly. It is my most faithful \"little housekeeper\"."}, {"nb": 2076, "data": "Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants Magpies, crows, and golden pheasants originally wore white feather coats. Everyone wanted to dress themselves up pretty. One day, the magpie suddenly had an idea. A variety of colors and dyes were found in the jungle to make everyone dress up. The crow first drew the magpie. It was dipped in black and painted carefully on the magpie. The anxious magpie cried as soon as he saw the black stripe painting finished: \"Okay, okay! Okay, okay!\" He said that he flew away. The golden pheasant came together immediately and said, \"It's my turn! It's my turn!\" \"The crow drew the golden pheasant with the seven colors found by the magpie, one stroke at a time. The painting was very serious from beginning to end. It took a long time to draw, and the crow said, \"Well, go to the stream and look in the mirror.\" The golden pheasant looked at the stream: \"Ah!\" \"It was shocking and joyful, I couldn't believe it. So beautiful, he said gratefully to the crow: \"I can't see it, you have such a clever hand, really a brilliant painter!\" Next, it was the turn of the golden pheasant to paint the crow, and it picked up a pot of black color I just wanted to paint, but I muttered in my heart: \"I also want you to paint like that, when will you paint!\" Suddenly it had an idea, shake a pot of black dye on the crow, and then said: \"OK OK! \"\" So fast? \"The crow turned to look, and the golden pheasant had flown away. When he looked at the stream, he screamed angrily: \"ah ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!\""}, {"nb": 2077, "data": "In summer, where do you live in winter? In winter, you get into the closet and climb on the hanger. Leather caps, fleece sweaters, sweaters, and gloves are with them. In summer and winter, they hid in the storage room, where they slept quietly in a pile with skates, sleds, and snowboards. In the summer, he lived in a cold drink shop, and accompanied him with sorbet and chocolate ice cream. When the snowflakes flew again, shaking in the winter and coming out of the closet, he hid in the storage room in the summer. Will you hide in a cold drink shop in summer? We don't even know this-in winter, the cold drink shop locks the door."}, {"nb": 2078, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 2079, "data": "A cloud hat weather, so hot and hot. Small trees, small grass, small flowers ... are uncomfortably hot, and everyone wants to be cool. Suddenly, a black and black cloud hat floated. Who only wears a cloud hat? Xiaohua said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiao Cao said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Do n\u2019t fight, do n\u2019t fight, let \u2019s wear the sun, the sun is hotter than us! \u201dEveryone said:\u201c Okay! Good! \u201dFenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun wore a black cloud hat .. All of a sudden, the sky became cool and shady, and it rained a bit. Little tree, straightened his waist with joy. Little grass, swaying with joy. Birds, fly around, sing while flying: Friendship is really great! Friendship is really magical!"}, {"nb": 2080, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 2081, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang's mother is an ingenious person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a quiet summer night, Zhang Leping snuggled beside her mother and watched her embroider. Suddenly, he discovered that a candle oil shed from the candle, much like a mother's embroidered chick. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but what he caught was warm, soft sludge. According to the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with oil sludge. He dug a little red oil from the red candle and embedded it in the eyes of the white rabbit. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at his son's work and hugged him and said, \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinch is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art."}, {"nb": 2082, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 2083, "data": "There is a beautiful lake in my hometown called Swan Lake. It is said that many years ago, a group of swans lived here, hence the name. The lake is round, the lake is clear, and the green is shiny. There are dense trees around the lake. Among them, the weeping willow is noticeable. Under the breeze, the wicker dances against the wind, and you can see that the figure of Liu Liu is very beautiful. Under the tree is a piece of green grass, with yellow and blue flowers blooming on the grass. There is a beautiful little bridge on the lake, which makes Swan Lake even more beautiful. Oh, Swan Lake, the lake of my hometown, I love you!"}, {"nb": 2084, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up. Mother Bear took the bear to collect the vegetables. They walked into the turnip field, and Mother Bear pulled out a big turnip. The bear will eat the leaves of the radish. Mother Bear said: Don't eat the leaves, eat the roots. Remember, the roots of radish are the most delicious. They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said: Remember, the roots of cabbage are not delicious, but the leaves are delicious! They walked into the tomato field, and the bear wanted to eat the leaves of the tomato. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, you can't eat the leaves of a tomato. You must eat its fruits.\" The bear said to his mother: Mother, I am so happy to learn so much knowledge today!"}, {"nb": 2085, "data": "I am a weather forecaster. Do n\u2019t look at my young age, but I can see that wind and rain change a lot; Dongqing and Xiwang do not wait for dinner. Swallows are going to rain. The frog calls, the ants move, and the fish rolls under heavy rain. Sunny and rainy days I knew that I was a weather forecaster."}, {"nb": 2086, "data": "In autumn, the old pine trees are full of branches and fruits, and the yellow pine nuts make the whole mountain fragrant. The old pine tree sent an invitation to the squirrels to let them harvest pine nuts soon. The squirrels came, and all returned one by one with full load. The old pine tree smiled and gave them away."}, {"nb": 2087, "data": "On the hillside, there are green grass, wild flowers blooming, and a few lambs are eating grass. There is a small river on the slope, and the river is clear, and a group of fish play freely in the river. On the river, a pair of white geese swim around. In the distance, a shepherd boy played a flute on the cow's back."}, {"nb": 2088, "data": "Yaya draws a small tree branch and squats on the beach to learn how to draw. Draw a frog, and the waves rushed up and ate it in one bite. Draw a little bird twitter, and the waves rushed up, frightening the bird to fly away. Draw a small shrimp crawling, the waves rushed up, carrying the shrimp, and returned to the sea to find her mother."}, {"nb": 2089, "data": "Cleft Lip Fish The Cleft Lip Fish is small and light in action. It treats the fish, not through medicine, but uses its pointed mouth to remove bacteria and necrotic muscles from the sick fish. In fact, the fish doctor uses the parasites and necrotic tissues of the sick fish to make delicious meals. In this way, the fish doctor can get a \"remuneration\"----a full meal, and the sick fish immediately relieves the pain, it really has its own Income. Biologically call this phenomenon \"symbiosis\". What is more interesting is that the relationship between the sick fish and the fish doctor is quite harmonious. All sick fish that come for treatment must be head-down, tail-up, and suspended in the water straight at the time of treatment. Fish medicine is indispensable in fish. As long as there is a fish doctor, the sick fish can be treated in time, and the phenomenon of death caused by disease will be greatly reduced."}, {"nb": 2090, "data": "Watching the car in the wind and rain In the wind and rain, the three old men are squeezed in an umbrella and their faces pale. Even though they were sitting under the eaves, the rain kept hitting their faces and bodies. At this time their clothes were soaked. However, they did not care about themselves. Three pairs of eyes were staring at the square in front of them, where two bicycles were parked, covered with their only raincoats. The owner of the car has not yet come to pick it up. \"Maybe it was trapped by the rain?\" They said, but no one wanted to go first. The cold wind blew in bursts and the rain came again and again, but none of them got up, and their three pairs of eyes were still on the two bicycles not far away. Are they just for the parking fees of those few cents?"}, {"nb": 2091, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 2092, "data": "Ronaldinho Ronaldinho is a smart boy. He always thinks and thinks about everything he does. When painting, he thought while painting, how to paint like this. When writing, he remembered while thinking, what strokes were up, down, left, and right. After writing the essay, he likes to think quietly and always likes to use the words and sentences he has read to find ways to use it. Therefore, he is often praised by his teachers, and everyone praises his cleverness."}, {"nb": 2093, "data": "The good buddy bear was sick and was admitted to the hospital, and all the buddies came to visit it. The little monkey came and sent peaches to the bear, bees flew, and honey to the bear. The lark also flew, and it brought a beautiful song to the bear. The bear was very moved and said in a row: \"Thank you, thank you!\""}, {"nb": 2094, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 2095, "data": "In summer, where do you live in winter? In winter, you get into the closet and climb on the hanger. Leather caps, fleece sweaters, sweaters, and gloves are with them. In summer and winter, they hid in the storage room, where they slept quietly in a pile with skates, sleds, and snowboards. In the summer, he lived in a cold drink shop, and accompanied him with sorbet and chocolate ice cream. When the snowflakes flew again, shaking in the winter and coming out of the closet, he hid in the storage room in the summer. Will you hide in a cold drink shop in summer? We don't even know this-in winter, the cold drink shop locks the door."}, {"nb": 2096, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 2097, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 2098, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 2099, "data": "Watching the car in the wind and rain In the wind and rain, the three old men are squeezed in an umbrella and their faces pale. Even though they were sitting under the eaves, the rain kept hitting their faces and bodies. At this time their clothes were soaked. However, they did not care about themselves. Three pairs of eyes were staring at the square in front of them, where two bicycles were parked, covered with their only raincoats. The owner of the car has not yet come to pick it up. \"Maybe it was trapped by the rain?\" They said, but no one wanted to go first. The cold wind blew in bursts and the rain came again and again, but none of them got up, and their three pairs of eyes were still on the two bicycles not far away. Are they just for the parking fees of those few cents?"}, {"nb": 2100, "data": "The spring rain was sprinkled on the ground, and the depression was already a clear piece of light. The clear rain light reflected the dark clouds in the sky, and also the people's busy figure. A gust of wind blew through, and small layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the water, rippling in circles, forming beautiful blossoms. After a while, a breeze blew, and the rain curtain slanted, like a big spider spitting out filaments of thread and running towards the wall. The rain fell on the grass, voila! The grass shook gently against the wind, and the rain rolled down its green blades. I saw a drop of water go into the grass's mouth, and I couldn't find it. what ! In the long spring rain, you are really a good friend of Mother Earth. Flowers, trees and trees all need you."}, {"nb": 2101, "data": "Little sparrow's ambitions Little sparrows have a lot of fantasies, but they don't know what they can do, they can't make up their minds. He thought, as a singer, he stood on a branch every morning to practice his throat, but he felt that no matter how he practiced, there was no Lark Bird's sister singing well, so he gave up this ambition. He wanted to be a writer again, so he kept himself in the house all day and wrote and wrote, but he wrote and wrote nothing, and finally gave up. Later, it wanted to be a pilot or a painter ... but it failed because it couldn't persevere. It felt very sad that it couldn't do anything. Mother said to it: \"Child, your ambitions are very good, but you don't have longevity, you must have a goal in life, and after setting a goal, you must pursue and struggle with eternal perseverance. If you always give up halfway, then forever Can't succeed! \""}, {"nb": 2102, "data": "The small round pond is like a bright little mirror. According to the little grass, it's so green. According to the little tree, it is green and green. The little flowers are so beautiful. You take a picture, I take a picture, everyone laughs."}, {"nb": 2103, "data": "In the tail race forest, animals must hold a tail race. There are really a lot of animals that sign up for the competition! On the day of the game, the forest is lively! The referee, the old monkey, announced the start of the game, and saw the woodpecker flying to the pine tree, supporting his body with his tail, as if sitting on a small bench, and then hooking the bug out with his pointed mouth! At this time, the little squirrel hurriedly jumped onto the pine tree to perform his own program-skydiving. He opened his big fluffy tail and jumped from the tree, just behind the old monkey. Next to participate in the competition are yellow cattle, swallows, capuchin monkeys ... The game is over, but the old monkey scratched his scalp and said: \"All are useful tails, who should the champion be?\""}, {"nb": 2104, "data": "The sun doll who loves to play The sun doll in the sky likes to play with white clouds. Look, she bulged her mouth round, blowing towards the cloud around her, blowing, blowing out a pair of long ears, a short tail, a fat belly, and a round head melon. Ha, she changed that white cloud into a little white rabbit! The Sun Doll ran in the sky while blowing, blowing this white cloud into a lotus flower, blowing that white cloud into Snow White ... she became more and more happy, one I accidentally blew a white cloud into the sea and rolled into the sea together. Ah, she blew the white cloud into a beautiful white wave in the sea."}, {"nb": 2105, "data": "Tick, tick, and rain. The seed said, \"Come on, it's on, I want to germinate.\" Li Shu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want to flower.\" Mai Mu said: \"Come on, it's on, I want Grow up. \"The child said:\" Let's go, let's go, I want to grow melon. \"Tick, tick, it's raining"}, {"nb": 2106, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 2107, "data": "A little raindrop, one or two drops jumped from the sky and from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, drop by drop, cool, sweet. No wonder the seeds will germinate when they are drunk, and the flowers will be more beautiful when they are drunk."}, {"nb": 2108, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 2109, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 2110, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 2111, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 2112, "data": "On the sturdy bamboo stand, bitter melon grows on one end, and melon grows on the other. The bitter gourd said softly: \"Sister Melon, you grow sweet, and I am bitter. People will like you more and dislike me.\" Melon said: \"No, sister bitter gourd. You are a vegetable, you can clear it after eating Fire. I'm a fruit. I can quench my thirst after eating. We all have our own strengths. \"Bitter gourd is very happy to hear that they have become best friends."}, {"nb": 2113, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 2114, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 2115, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 2116, "data": "Don't underestimate the tiny fish scales, its effect is great! Scales are the \"bone\" of fish sauce on the outside of the body. It is like a fish wearing a piece of armor. It has a protective effect. It can also help the fish prevent the bacteria in the water. The scales of the back and the abdomen are not the same color, the back is dark, and the abdomen is light. Fish scales grow slower in winter and darker in color; fish scales grow faster and lighter in summer. The shape of the fish scale is also different, there are round, diamond, shield, and needle-shaped!"}, {"nb": 2117, "data": "If I were a snowflake, if I were a snowflake, when winter came, I would cover the crops with a quilt. If I were a snowflake, when the spring flowers bloom, I would turn it into spring water to irrigate the soil. If I were a snowflake, I would freeze the pests and make the earth clean and tidy. If I were a snowflake, I would dance around the children. Bring them joy. I would like to make a snowflake!"}, {"nb": 2118, "data": "It \u2019s raining, it \u2019s raining! Raindrops, rustle ... the raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to have red flowers. The rain fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to have white flowers. The rain fell on the willow, and the willow spit green buds with joy. The rain fell on the field, and the seeds were happy to pour their mouths. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frog was croaking with joy. Light rain, rustle, decorate the picturesque spring."}, {"nb": 2119, "data": "The breeze in March whispered the good news to a cloud. The cloud carried many small raindrops. The raindrops crackled down and told the good news to a flower on the apple tree. When the little bee collecting honey heard the good news, he hummed a song and told each dandelion on the hill. Dandelion didn't say a word, their golden faces showed a smile in the sunlight after the rain. Now everyone knows the good news-spring is here."}, {"nb": 2120, "data": "Summer nights are so beautiful. Summer nights are quiet in the park. In the pool, the water lily had just closed her eyes and was awakened by the wailing cry. She opened her eyes and saw that an ant was lying on a grass. The water lily asked, \"Little Ant, what's the matter with you?\" The little ant said, \"I accidentally fell into the pond and couldn't reach the shore!\" \"Come on!\" The water lily bent over and let him climb up. The little ant was very grateful and said repeatedly, \"Thank you, Aunt Lily.\" The water lily said, \"I will stay here tonight! You see, how beautiful the summer night is!\" The little ant shook his head and said, \"I have to Go home. Otherwise, Mom and Dad will be anxious. \"Their words let the dragonfly resting on the water lily leaf hear. He asked: \"Water Lily Girl, what's the matter?\" \"The little ants want to go home, but I can't send him.\" Dragonfly said: \"Let me send the little ants!\" The water lily asked: \"It's so dark, you Can it be done? \"At this time, a firefly came and said,\" I will illuminate you. \"The little ant climbed on the\" plane \"and the dragonfly took off. Fireflies lit a small lantern in front. The dragonfly flies, flies over the green rockery, flies over the green lawn, flies to a flower bed, and the little ants arrive home. The stars saw it and blinked happily. Oh, what a beautiful summer night!"}, {"nb": 2121, "data": "Autumn after the big fruit basket rains. The big hillside has become more beautiful! Red pomegranates, golden apples, sweet oranges, fragrant Sydney ... Fruit dolls with round smiles, one by one, packed the big hillside. From afar, the big hillside looks like a big fruit basket. The doll in the mountain said, \"If there is a handle, we can take the big fruit basket home.\" Rainbow Girl heard that, she flew down from the sky and became a beautiful handle. This time, the big hillside really becomes a big fruit basket!"}, {"nb": 2122, "data": "The dewdrop and the pearl came by chance. The dewdrop and the pearl met. Looking at the round pearl, the dewdrop felt that she was as beautiful as the pearl, so she smugly said, \"I am a sister with you.\" The pearl smiled and said nothing. Dewdrops were more proud: \"I was successful overnight, but you do n\u2019t know how much suffering you have to become a pearl. It \u2019s really not worth it.\" Pearl smiled faintly and said, \"I \u2019ve experienced hardships, but I got real Success, the success you have achieved overnight, come fast, and go fast. \"Sure enough, the sun just showed its face, and the dewdrops slowly changed from big to small, and it soon turned into nothingness."}, {"nb": 2123, "data": "Tree family I walk into the world of the forest. I have never seen so many trees: there are red pine, lime tree, willow, birch ... they form a big and harmonious family. Red pine, like a kind grandpa, linden tree, like a burly dad, willow tree, like a beautiful mother, and little birch, like a smart sister. Walking into the tree's family, I think of my home."}, {"nb": 2124, "data": "The giant panda has a fat body, a short tail, and a thick and smooth coat. Its limbs and shoulders are black, and its body and head are white. The most amusing thing is the pair of round dark circles, the pair of furry black ears."}, {"nb": 2125, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2126, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 2127, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 2128, "data": "In the early winter morning, there was a thick fog. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct. The sun is like a red ball, rising slowly, emitting a faint light, not dazzling at all. The crops in the field are all harvested. People are busy harvesting cabbage in the garden. The fog slowly dissipated and the sun shone out. The towers and hills in the distance can be seen. The fields and woods nearby can also be seen clearly. Many persimmons hang on the persimmon trees, like red lanterns one by one. A thick layer of yellow leaves fell in the woods. Only the pine and cypress trees were not afraid of the cold, but still so green."}, {"nb": 2129, "data": "Spring Rain The rusty spring rain, like thousands of silk threads down ... Shuttle swallows hold the rain silk, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves and the red ones are peach blossoms. A bright stream was also woven, and the fish in the river waggled their tails happily. On the hillside across the river, there are farmers who sow seeds; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture!"}, {"nb": 2130, "data": "The north wind blew blowing. It blew on the grass and the grass changed color. It blew at the plane tree, which had fallen leaves. It blew at the bird, and the bird hid in the nest."}, {"nb": 2131, "data": "What are they doing in winter? The little monkey climbs the pine tree and finds squirrels to play with. The squirrel said, \"I eat some dried mushrooms, and then go to sleep. I have been sleeping for a winter.\" The little monkey saw a honeycomb hanging in the bush, and he went to find a little bee to play with. The little bee said: \"There is no nectar to pick in winter. I will sleep in the hive until next spring.\" The little monkey saw a wooden sign at the entrance of the dirt beside the dry grass, which read: \"I slept in my house for a winter , Please do n\u2019t disturb me\u2014badger. \u201dThere was a cave in the woods. The monkey saw how many bats in it grabbed the stone joints with his paws. His body hung upside down and slept soundly! The little monkey had to climb the tree by himself, grab the branch and hit the swing."}, {"nb": 2132, "data": "The father-in-law smirked, and the little animals got up early. Ducks swim in the water, chicks run on the ground, swings on monkey trees, jump in the squirrel forest, peacocks spread their big tails, and take photos against the lake."}, {"nb": 2133, "data": "Light rain, light rain, one drop, two drops, ticking ... ticking, jumping from the sky, jumping from the leaves, jumping from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, one drop, another drop, so cold, so sweet! No wonder the seeds drank and sprouted the leaves, and the flowers drank more vividly! Tick \u200b\u200b..."}, {"nb": 2134, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 2135, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 2136, "data": "Spring is here and the flowers in the park are blooming. Some are red, some are white, and some are yellow, so beautiful. The flowers are for everyone to see, let's not pick them."}, {"nb": 2137, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 2138, "data": "Look at the lotus flowers, some of the pool lotus leaves are like an umbrella that is stretched out, some are like big green discs, and some are like a small fan. Through the gap between the lotus leaves, I saw a lot of thorns with thorns on the surface of the water. The tops of the lotus stems are covered with white lotus flowers. The lotus is in a variety of poses, one by one, and some are in full bloom, exposing golden stamens and bright yellow small lotus; some only spread two or three petals. Lovely fairy; some still have flowers and buds that haven't been laid. There was a lotus that had just opened and seemed to be shy, hiding behind the big lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 2139, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 2140, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 2141, "data": "Gu Zi said: Autumn is yellow, I just let the autumn wind blow yellow. Sorghum said, \"Autumn is red, I just let the autumn color be red.\" Cotton said: Autumn is white, otherwise, how can I have this silver coat? Mo Ju said, \"Autumn is black, and the flowers that I open are proof.\" Song Bai said: Autumn and summer are no different, they are as green as me ... Autumn listened and shook his head and said, \"No, no, I am colorful. If I belong to only one color, how monotonous autumn should be.\" ! \""}, {"nb": 2142, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 2143, "data": "On the tree in spring, tender buds grow; on the tree in summer, fat leaves hang; on the tree in autumn, the leaves are covered with bright red and golden; under the tree in winter, the leaves fall to the ground. Fallen leaves are the stamps of nature. They will be sent to you all year round, to me, to everyone."}, {"nb": 2144, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 2145, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 2146, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2147, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 2148, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 2149, "data": "Is it going to rain? When the little white rabbit looked at the front pond, the little fish had swam to the surface of the water. The little white rabbit ran over and asked, \"Little fish, little fish, how can you be free today?\" The little fish said, \"It's going to rain. The water is so stuffy, we're breathing on the water. Little white rabbit, Come home, be careful of the rain. \""}, {"nb": 2150, "data": "I have ten small fish made of wax. Some of these small wax fishes have white bodies and sky blue patterns; some have red bodies and yellow patterns; others have a piece of green on the whole body, which is really beautiful."}, {"nb": 2151, "data": "Summer song Where is the summer song? Know it, on the tall tree. Where is the song of summer? Quack, by the clear pond. Where is the song of summer? Rumble, in the high sky. Where is the song of summer? Buzzing in the green grass."}, {"nb": 2152, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 2153, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 2154, "data": "Where are the ears? The mother of the frog asked the little frog to look at nature, where the ears of the animals grow. The frog Doudou caught a mosquito, the frog brightly held a locust, and the frog fatly caught a little cricket, but none of them found the ears of small animals. \"They are all disabled and have no ears.\" The little frogs comforted themselves and threw mosquitoes, locusts and crickets on the ground. \"Haha! Haha!\" Little mosquitoes, little locusts, and little crickets were free. They couldn't help laughing in unison: \"How do you know that we don't have ears?\" \"My tentacles are ears.\" Said the little mosquito. \"My ears grow on my belly.\" The little locust patted his belly. \"My ears are here!\" Said the little cricket, raising the two calves in front."}, {"nb": 2155, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 2156, "data": "One day, five fingers gathered to discuss who has the greatest skill. The thumb first stood up proudly and said: \"This question is very simple, of course, I have the greatest ability, or why should I rank first?\" The second thumb stopped, and hurriedly said: \"I am the most amazing, no matter what people do , I used my finger to point, where did you do anything? \"The middle finger didn't wait for the second thumb to finish, and quickly stood up and said,\" Look, look, straighten out five fingers, which is the tallest than Bibi. \" ... The ring finger and the little finger are not to be outdone. They all take their own housekeeping skills and argue with them. Their quarrel was heard by the flower ball in the corner, and the flower ball gave them a suggestion: see who can take it, and whoever has the most credit. The five fingers looked at each other, and they all felt that the proposal was feasible, so they rubbed their hands and tried each one, but none of them could pick it up. The flower ball made another suggestion: What would happen if you brought your five fingers together? Five fingers were put together, and it was picked up with a light touch. Look at me with five fingers, and I look at you, all smiled embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 2157, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 2158, "data": "It's raining in summer. Summer rain came when it came. The colorful umbrellas formed a lot of wet flowers in the rain. The world in the rain is like a crystal lake. Groups of children playing with umbrellas play in the transparent rain, like fish in the lake, playing hide and seek under the lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 2159, "data": "Autumn after the big fruit basket rains. The big hillside has become more beautiful! Red pomegranates, golden apples, sweet oranges, fragrant Sydney ... Fruit dolls with round smiles, one by one, packed the big hillside. From afar, the big hillside looks like a big fruit basket. The doll in the mountain said, \"If there is a handle, we can take the big fruit basket home.\" Rainbow Girl heard that, she flew down from the sky and became a beautiful handle. This time, the big hillside really becomes a big fruit basket!"}, {"nb": 2160, "data": "When the pony grows up, the old horse invites the black dog to teach the pony to run, the goat to teach the pony to climb the mountain, and the ox to teach the little horse-drawn carriage. The little horses have learned to show the old horses the same. The old horse was very happy to see it. He kissed the face of the little horse and said, \"You have learned so many skills. You are really a good boy.\" Do things for everyone. \""}, {"nb": 2161, "data": "The little brown bear folds a small paper boat into the stream every day, and let the water float the small paper boat to the door of his good friend, the red squirrel. But one day, they quarreled, and the little brown bear would never fold a small paper boat to the red squirrel again. After a few days, the little brown bear felt very sad. He still folded the paper boat every day, but he didn't put the paper boat into the stream. The red squirrel wrote a few words of apology on the paper boat before the little brown bear, and let him float to the door of the little brown bear. They soon reconciled."}, {"nb": 2162, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 2163, "data": "The Olympic flag has a white background and five circles in the center are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green in turn. The connection of the five rings symbolizes that the people of the world hold hands and connect their hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger."}, {"nb": 2164, "data": "The quilt is a big envelope. At night, I put it in this envelope. My mother's kiss is a stamp on an envelope. It is going to send me to a sweet dream ..."}, {"nb": 2165, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 2166, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 2167, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 2168, "data": "Jellyfish May 1st, my mother took me to the Ocean Aquarium and saw the jellyfish that made me feel new. Jellyfish is a mollusk living in the ocean. Their bodies are transparent, and they look soft and soft, and they seem to break when touched, and they look like blossoming mushrooms from a distance. They are blood red, sea blue, snowflake white ... It looks crystal clear, looks like a parachute floating in the ocean, leisurely swimming in the water, slowly, freely ... adds a mystery to the marine world Colors. I thought: How could there be such a strange creature in the marine world? It is said that jellyfish can produce oxygen and purify the water in the ocean. No wonder people call them \"jellyfish\"."}, {"nb": 2169, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 2170, "data": "My dad was obviously a football fan, but he turned off a wonderful ball game. I don't know why it was replaced by Peking Opera. Babble, sing endlessly. Only my grandmother was fascinated by it, and my dad and I were both napping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 2171, "data": "There are many, many useful small animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let's take a look at the dragonfly first! Look, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, which is really like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its figure is thin and long and really slim. Not only does it eat pests, but it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it shows that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! Look, there is a little swallow in the sky that is busy catching flying insects! The swallow is dressed in a black tuxedo. The tail is like a pair of small scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it flies low. Quack quack quack quack quack, who is coming Oh, it turned out to be a little frog. It bulged with a pair of big eyes, dressed in turquoise and green clothes, and exposed the belly of snow-white snow-white, very cute. It can eat thousands of pests in a year. It is a good helper to protect crops. There are so many useful little animals around us! We must protect those lovely little lives well!"}, {"nb": 2172, "data": "There is an old locust tree on the campus, tall and sturdy. It is said to be tall and not excessive at all. Its treetops are about to hit the top of the three-story building. It is indeed stout enough to say that it is stout, and its gray-brown trunk cannot be hugged by two children. The straight trunk held up a huge crown, like a big green umbrella. Dense leaves cover the sun tightly, and students like to play and play under the tree. A gust of wind blew through the treetops, and the leaves clattered, and it seemed that the old locust tree also laughed with us."}, {"nb": 2173, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 2174, "data": "Bears grow peaches in spring. The peach trees that bears grow on the hills are covered with green leaves and full of pink flowers. In summer, the trees are full of big, red peaches. The bear took off the peach and ate it happily with his friends."}, {"nb": 2175, "data": "The monkey's encounter A monkey dexterously climbed onto a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make various comments. The rabbit said: \"Look at the monkey's tail, like a dead branch, it's ugly!\" Weasel said: \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red scars, so disgusting!\" The dog said: \"Monkeys are so thin, climbing trees are so Quickly, it must be a master of stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who made the remarks:\" Monkeys are superb to climb trees and are really amazing! You won't climb trees, it doesn't matter, always looking for other people's shortcomings, which is not good You go home and look in the mirror to see what is wrong with you! \""}, {"nb": 2176, "data": "Martha was a guest in the woods. Martha saw a husband sitting on the ice bench, eating snow dumplings. \"Hello, little girl!\" Her husband nodded, and the snow flakes fell, \"I'm Snow White, welcome you to be a guest.\" Martha came to Snow White's house-the house made of ice, the wall embedded with snowflakes, The bed was covered with snow mattresses, so beautiful. Martha touched the thick snow mattress: \"How soft!\" Father Snow Snow said: \"I still have wonderful things here!\" Martha asked in surprise: \"Why is it pressed down below?\" Father Snow Xue laughed: \"I covered the wheat seedlings with snow mattresses to protect them from overwintering! The pests in the ground hit me and couldn't stand the cold, they froze to death \"Oh, that's what it is. Martha immediately covered the snow mattress gently. She seemed to see the spring, the wheat was heading and flowering."}, {"nb": 2177, "data": "The brain writer Mark Twain received a letter from a young beginner in writing. The writer is very interested in such a question: \"I heard that fish bones contain a lot of phosphorus, and phosphorus helps to fill the brain. So to become a world-famous writer, you must eat a lot of fish. Right? I wonder if this statement is realistic? \"He asked again:\" Do you also eat a lot of fish, what kind of fish do you eat? \"Mark Twain wrote back:\" It seems you have to eat a pair of whales It will do. \""}, {"nb": 2178, "data": "The old man on the calendar stepped on the sound of firecrackers and flew with the snowflakes. Look, who is coming to us? Ah, it is the old man of the calendar who came to his side. The old man of the calendar is so nice, he gave us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet and refined toffee. It is a thick new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns, give us 365 moons. Going to school in summer teaches us not to be afraid of heat, but reading early in winter teaches us not to be afraid of frost. Accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve every day. Ah, how precious is the gift of the old man of the calendar, we must cherish it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail, leading us to sail every day in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge."}, {"nb": 2179, "data": "What is the light rain spot? What is the light rain spot? Musician. Rustle, it is the chorus in the woods. Dingdong Dingdong, it is playing the piano in the bucket. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, it's drizzle, blowing the trumpet on the house ... what is the drizzle? Painter. Falling in the water, it is a beautiful circle. When it fell on the ground, it drew small water flowers. When it falls on the wall, it draws small rivers ......"}, {"nb": 2180, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 2181, "data": "Draw and draw the puppy running in the snow, and the footprints of the puppy are left on the snow. The puppy said to the chick: \"Look, look, I will paint plum blossoms.\" The chick ran in the snow, and the footprints of the chick were left on the snow. The chick said to the puppy: \"Look, look, I can paint bamboo leaves.\""}, {"nb": 2182, "data": "Once, when I admired the coin, I saw three Chinese characters \"Japan\" on the Japanese coin. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said: \"During the Tang Dynasty, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan had no native scripts. When we saw the beautiful Chinese scripts, we borrowed some of the Chinese characters and created our own scripts. Until now, there are thousands Ten thousand Chinese characters are used in Japan. \""}, {"nb": 2183, "data": "Autumn park, autumn, the park is so beautiful! All kinds of chrysanthemums are blooming, some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are blue, they are so beautiful! The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance. The leaves of the sycamore tree turned yellow and fluttered down one by one like a beautiful butterfly flying in the air. The leaves of the maple tree are red. From a distance, like the fiery clouds, the pine and cypress trees are still so green, standing high up like the soldiers on guard in the wind and rain."}, {"nb": 2184, "data": "Two years ago, my family \u2019s long tail brought back a little bird from the construction site, with a pair of bright, small eyes, towards me, squeaked, squeaked, as if to say, \"Sister, sister.\" This little Bird, my father called it a pulsatilla; its tail is very long, I gave it a name: \"Long tail\". I really like the \"long tail\" and feed it every day to eat millet and green vegetables. \"Long tail.\" I like cleaning very much. I bathe in a small water tank every day. Look, how interesting it looks like taking a bath! The small head stretched into the water tank, and then slammed backwards, and then combed the feathers with its beak, and its wings were still shaking. \"The long tail\" is the closest to me. Whenever I approach the bird cage, it will make a pleasant scream and open its wings to welcome me. \"Long tail\" has been in my house for two years, and white hair has been changed on the top of my head. It grew up with me."}, {"nb": 2185, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 2186, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 2187, "data": "The stream sang again. The stream lived at the foot of the mountain. The green mountains surrounded her, and the gurgling springs fed her. The clear streams reflect the red flowers and green grass around them, and the blue sky and white clouds overhead. The drizzle fell gently, and the stream sang happily: \"Brother Drizzle, thank you for sending me a new partner. Now, I want to sing more beautifully!\" The stream continued to move forward. The people who walked by the stream praised her: \"What a beautiful and beautiful stream, and the singing of songs is so beautiful.\" The small stream was very proud of the praise. She stopped by a large bluestone and thought, \"My water is so clear, so beautiful, why run again? Take a rest!\" The stream didn't run, nor sang. Gradually, she became cloudy. Drizzle advised her: \"Slow stream, keep going! Only by going forward can you be clear forever.\" After hearing the drizzle, the stream bypassed Daqingshi and sang again. The stream became clear again. Red flowers, green grass, blue sky, and white clouds were reflected in the stream again."}, {"nb": 2188, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 2189, "data": "Deciduous summer has passed, Mommy Qiu is busy putting a golden coat on the tree, and looking up, the leaves seem like a vast sea of \u200b\u200bgold. The autumn wind swept through, the leaves fell one after another, some danced like butterflies, and some flew like yellow warbler, Others rotate lightly like dancers. The ground is covered with fallen leaves, like a thick golden carpet."}, {"nb": 2190, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 2191, "data": "The two husbands had a day, their cousin was eating noodles, and grandpa was drinking tea. The little cousin asked, \"Grandpa, why is your beard so long? Why don't I have a beard?\" Dad smiled and said, \"You are not old yet!\" The little cousin thought about it and put some noodles on On his lips, he said to Grandpa: \"Grandpa, look, I am old and bearded.\" Grandpa said to his little cousin with a smile: \"We have two husbands here.\""}, {"nb": 2192, "data": "Yaya draws a small tree branch and squats on the beach to learn how to draw. Draw a frog, and the waves rushed up and ate it in one bite. Draw a little bird twitter, and the waves rushed up, frightening the bird to fly away. Draw a small shrimp crawling, the waves rushed up, carrying the shrimp, and returned to the sea to find her mother."}, {"nb": 2193, "data": "When the little tiger grows up, the little tiger goes to the grass and asks his father to hug it and his mother to carry it. The little tiger goes to the garden, and he walks and runs by himself. When the little tiger goes into the forest, he will help his grandpa and help his grandma. The little tiger has grown up. On the grass, the little tiger eats, eats, sleeps, and grunts; runs and runs in the garden, oh, oh, oh; in the forest, the little tiger sings and jumps ..."}, {"nb": 2194, "data": "Dandelion's umbrella Dandelion is as white as snowflakes and as light as cotton wool. How beautiful it is, your little flying umbrella! Alas, it is a pity that your umbrella is too small. Otherwise, you can take me, take my little deer, fly, fly, fly over wide rivers, fly over high mountains, fly to grandma's house, and have a happy Sunday!"}, {"nb": 2195, "data": "The monkey's encounter A monkey dexterously climbed onto a tree, and the animals under the tree began to make various comments. The rabbit said: \"Look at the monkey's tail, like a dead branch, it's ugly!\" Weasel said: \"Look at the monkey's butt, like two red scars, so disgusting!\" The dog said: \"Monkeys are so thin, climbing trees are so Quickly, it must be a master of stealing things. \"At this time, the goat said to the animals who made the remarks:\" Monkeys are superb to climb trees and are really amazing! You won't climb trees, it doesn't matter, always looking for other people's shortcomings, which is not good You go home and look in the mirror to see what is wrong with you! \""}, {"nb": 2196, "data": "Steam juggling steam children, go to heaven to play. Spring becomes rain, ticking ticking. Summer turns into fog, like a piece of yarn. Autumn turns into frost, and the ground is sprinkled with salt flowers. Winter turns into snow, and the earth wears white gowns."}, {"nb": 2197, "data": "My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. Full of pink peach, snowy pear flower. At the foot of the mountain there is a beautiful new house, that is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The river is clear and clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly-built mountain road bends and stretches into the distance. I love my little mountain village, I love my hometown."}, {"nb": 2198, "data": "My family has a group of pigeons. They have white feathers, pointed claws, round eyes, and red mouths. When flying, they spread their fan-shaped tails, spread their large wings, and hovered in the air."}, {"nb": 2199, "data": "Washing the handkerchief On Sunday, I saw that the handkerchief covering the phone was dirty, so I decided to wash it. I unscrewed the faucet, received a basin of fresh water, put the handkerchief into the water and soaked it, then hit soap on it, then rubbed it vigorously with both hands, and a lot of foam was rubbed. After rubbing it, I washed it with clean water several times and wringed the handkerchief dry. Take a look, ah! There is no stain on the handkerchief, just like the new one."}, {"nb": 2200, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 2201, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 2202, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and pounced on the little white rabbit, who was so scared that he ran away quickly. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased closely behind. With a thump, the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with open mouth and drooling, trying to eat the little white rabbit. The little monkey saw it, and it immediately hung upside down on the tree, pulling the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wants to eat the little white rabbit but can't eat it. The little white rabbit was saved."}, {"nb": 2203, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 2204, "data": "The little ant moved the bean. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to the house. I saw that the little ant touched the little ant next to it with the antennae on its head. This little ant also clicked on the antennae. , Indicating that you know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everyone touched one by one, everyone knew. The ants lined up immediately, led by the little ants who found the beans, and arrived at the place where the beans were put. Everyone moved the beans back home. It turned out that the little ants used their tentacles to deliver messages."}, {"nb": 2205, "data": "This little turtle is very small, not much bigger than the thumb. The four small feet are as big as rice grains. There are some small black spots on the earthy back. The little turtle's head stretched out and shrunk, but it was interesting."}, {"nb": 2206, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 2207, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice field catcher, which said: \"The insect catcher: frog, toad.\" The frog became angry at first glance: \"Isn't the toad the toad that the children hate? Is it an insect catcher.\" Evening The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you are at the edge of the field all day, who said you can catch insects? Why is the toad on the honor list also an expert in catching insects? I work hard every day to catch insects, I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile;\" You catch insects during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the grass. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's coming to the night shift!\" Toad began to catch insects, one after another. At first glance, the frog understood that he had blamed the toad by mistake, and the frog lowered his head embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 2208, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 2209, "data": "This little turtle is very small, not much bigger than the thumb. The four small feet are as big as rice grains. There are some small black spots on the earthy back. The little turtle's head stretched out and shrunk, but it was interesting."}, {"nb": 2210, "data": "In the place where I lived when I was a kid, the leaves will speak softly, the grass will gently shake hands, and the flowers will blush and smile. Where I lived as a child, the birds will sing happily, the streams will flow freely, and a fragrance will float in the sky. Where I lived when I was a kid, a thin line will pop up and fly quietly into my atrium, making me feel infinitely warm and full of sunshine."}, {"nb": 2211, "data": "At this time, there are already many people on the beach, some of them catch crabs, some catch sea fish, some collect shells ... I feel in the sea, hey, I caught a little starfish ! Hey, a little friend over there, looking down at something with his head down. I walked over and wanted to see what happened. My little friend only kept his mouth and said nothing. It turned out to be a crab who was not willing to catch his hand and fled from east to west. Suddenly, the little friend \"oops\" cried out, it turned out that the crab caught his hand with a big claw. Huh, why are my feet tickling? Looking down, oh, it turned out that a prawn was teasing me! It wobbled two long beards, like a general on the stage. I gently reached out my hand, and with just a pinch, the general became a captive of me, and I couldn't get angry anymore."}, {"nb": 2212, "data": "Wedding invitations, Spring Festival couplets, your New Year's couple must post the Spring Festival couplets during the Chinese New Year? Do you know the Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring Festival couplets\" are also called \"couplers\", \"pairs\" and \"door pairs\". It depicts the background of the times with neat, dual, concise and delicate texts, and expresses good wishes. It is a unique literary form in China. Every Spring Festival, whether in the city or in the countryside, every household must select a pair of red spring couplets to be posted on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of Spring Festival couplets on the Spring Festival started in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of Spring Festival couplets. Depending on where they are used, they can be divided into door centers, frame pairs, horizontal wraps, spring strips, bucket weights, etc. \"Door Heart\" is attached to the center of the upper part of the door panel; \"Frame Pair\" is attached to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal\" is attached to the door beam; \"Spring Bar\" is attached to the corresponding place according to different content; \"Bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", and it is a square diamond shape, mostly attached to furniture and shadow walls."}, {"nb": 2213, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 2214, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 2215, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 2216, "data": "The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival is round. Mother said: \"The round moon is like a plate.\" Dad said: \"The round moon is like a flying saucer, followed by a group of small stars.\" I said: \"No, no! The moon is like a big moon cake, very delicious, It \u2019s very sweet, and I \u2019ll give it to you. \u201dThe moon listened to me and thought it would be eaten, and hurried into the cloud. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, and then drilled out and hung brightly in the sky."}, {"nb": 2217, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 2218, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 2219, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 2220, "data": "The little fairy tale is to the south of the cloud, in a distant place, a group of leaves says: \"We want to bloom like flowers.\" A group of flowers says: \"We want to fly like a bird.\" A group of peacocks says: \"We want to be like trees Same growth. \""}, {"nb": 2221, "data": "I am a snowman. Winter is here and I appear again. The children like me and are always with me. The weather was very cold, and the bird came to me and stood on my head. I am not afraid of the cold, but only of the heat. As soon as the sun comes out, I will disappear."}, {"nb": 2222, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 2223, "data": "Don't cut the hair of the earth, don't cut it, the forest is my hair. People keep their hair in good spirits, but I keep their hair in the wind and sand."}, {"nb": 2224, "data": "In the green vegetable fields of snails and earthworms, a snail crawled by the corner of the wall. The earthworm saw it and asked, \"Brother Snail, where are you going?\" The snail said: \"I'm going to the top of the wall to see what's in the distance.\" The earthworm suddenly laughed. Go up? Do n\u2019t be illusory! You crawl slowly! \u201dThe snail ignored it. Slowly climbed up the wall. The earthworm thought the snail was too ridiculous and went to bed. The earthworm wakes up. I can't see the snail anymore. It turns out that the snail has already climbed to the top of the wall."}, {"nb": 2225, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 2226, "data": "There was a fog in the morning on the mountain road. The road could not be seen clearly in the mountains. The pigs, deer and rabbits were badly damaged. The little rabbit leads the little pig, and the little pig pulls the little deer, pulling the vine, holding the tree, walking the mountain road step by step. Qiufeng's mother-in-law came to help, and \u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014 blew all the mist all at once."}, {"nb": 2227, "data": "I am a weather forecaster. Do n\u2019t look at my young age, but I can see that wind and rain change a lot; Dongqing and Xiwang do not wait for dinner. Swallows are going to rain. The frog calls, the ants move, and the fish rolls under heavy rain. Sunny and rainy days I knew that I was a weather forecaster."}, {"nb": 2228, "data": "In the spring fields, there are golden rapeseeds everywhere, clusters, clusters, ridges, piece by piece, like a piece of gold paved. When the spring breeze blew, there was a thick scent of cauliflower in the vegetable patch. Swarms of bees flew around the rape flowers and did not leave for a long time."}, {"nb": 2229, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 2230, "data": "The scenery in the park is really beautiful. Today, the sun is shining brightly, and there are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. I and my mother and father rowed a boat in the lake of the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and the surroundings are full of colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. Birds sing tactful songs on the trees. A group of children are playing the game of eagles and chicks under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward bravely . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... The scenery in the park is so beautiful! Sitting in the bow of the boat, I couldn't help singing loudly. My father and mother sang softly with me while rowing: \"Today's weather is fine and sunny, with good scenery everywhere, good scenery ...\""}, {"nb": 2231, "data": "Moon Xiaoyanyan, who can walk, likes to go to grandma's house best. She took her mother's hand and walked on the dim road at night. Suddenly, Xiao Yanyan found that she took a step, and the moon followed. \"Mom, why did Moon go to grandma's house with us?\" Mom said: \"Moon loves Xiaoyanyan, wherever Xiaoyanyan goes, the moon will follow.\" Xiaoyanyan blinked her eyes and thought Say: \"Mom, let's go home now.\" \"Why?\" Mom felt strange. \"The moon has gone with us, and my father will have no moon ...\" The mother laughed, and he said: \"Good boy, the moon loves your father, too. There is a moon beside my father.\" Xiao Yanyan was confused Too. She thought: How many moons are there in the sky?"}, {"nb": 2232, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 2233, "data": "There is a little tiger in the forest than before, he thinks he is the king of the forest, he has the greatest ability, and he is proud all day long. The ostrich said dissatisfiedly: \"Let's run than run.\" I saw the ostrich running towards the finish like an arrow. The little ostrich won in the cry of the little animals. The little tiger touched his head, and he could not believe that this was true. At this moment, the little monkey climbed down from the tree and said, \"Let's compare it to climbing a tree?\" In the cheering of the little animals, the little monkey climbed to the tree quickly. It also mischievously grimaced at the little tiger under the tree. The little tiger said angrily: \"We are better than running and climbing trees, it is better than swimming.\" The animals came to the river, and the little fish said: \"Let me compare with you.\" He lowered his head, sneaked away, and the animals smiled happily."}, {"nb": 2234, "data": "There are a few beautiful goldfish in the classroom. They are different in size and different in color. Some have black bodies and red tails; some have gray bodies and pink tails. The yellow goldfish is the most beautiful, dragging the silvery white long tail to swim among the green plants."}, {"nb": 2235, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 2236, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2237, "data": "Little Turtle Brother and Sister Opening a Store Little Turtle Brother and Sister want to open a small store, what kind of store is good? They asked the elephant. The elephant said: \"I am a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippo. The hippo said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!\" What? The kangaroo mother told them: \"I opened a bookstore and put the newspapers in my big pockets. I could sell them wherever I went.\" The little turtle brother and sister were sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. , What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brother and sister were not sad anymore, they opened a biscuit shop. Let the sun bake its back shell hot, then spread the scones on the back shell. Baked, baked, the biscuits are delicious. The little turtle's biscuits are fragrant and crisp, and there are beautiful patterns on it. Everyone came to buy them."}, {"nb": 2238, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 2239, "data": "Cry when it rains, can you cry when it rains? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why is the little girl crying? Little Rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad, and her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl's tears continued to flow out after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Little Yu burst into tears in the little girl's tears. \"Huh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I am a little rain!\" Said Xiaoyu, crying, \"because you see nothing, I am sad for you!\" \"Thank you, little rain!\" The little girl smiled, \"I do n\u2019t Cry, do n\u2019t cry! You hear, there are so many little rains laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy \"\" Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughing and singing with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears were dry, and the little rain disappeared. She also had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-color little rain, and came into the little girl \u2019s eyes, and the little girl saw it with great pleasure. La!"}, {"nb": 2240, "data": "I am a white snowflake, a small snowflake. I float lightly from the high clouds. I covered the mountains, and the mountains were covered with beautiful white sand. I covered the roof, and the roof was covered with a shimmering silver tile. I covered the cypresses, and the cedars produced a lot of cotton. I covered the bare branches, and the branches were full of pear blossoms. I covered the wheat field, and the wheat field was covered with fluffy cotton wool. I fell to the ground, and the ground was covered with white carpets, with dazzling silver flowers. I am a white and white snowflake. I float down from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 2241, "data": "The white elf winter is here, and thousands of snowflakes come to the world. These white elves, soon, covered the ground with white quilts; soon, they put beautiful ice flowers on the windows; and soon, they made thick ice on the river; and soon, they turned the children into There are cute little snowmen; ... the elves have fun!"}, {"nb": 2242, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 2243, "data": "I think I want to become a leaf, falling down in autumn, like a butterfly. I want to become a candle, to bring light to people in the event of a power outage. I want to be a bed. When dad is very tired, let him lie down and rest on me. I want to be a lark. When mother is troubled, listen to her beautiful song."}, {"nb": 2244, "data": "In the early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 2245, "data": "It was just dawning, and my mother called me to look up at the clouds in the sky. The clouds in the sky are really beautiful: some are like red flowers, some are like white sheep, and some are like the most powerful elephants."}, {"nb": 2246, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 2247, "data": "After the mushroom umbrella rained, the mushrooms under the big tree stretched out small umbrellas, white, black, gray, and flowery, and many and beautiful. The big tree said: \"Mushroom, who are you going to give this beautiful little umbrella to?\" The little bee flew over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly flew over, and the little mushroom said, \"Send you a mushroom umbrella.\" The flower and butterfly shook his head and said, \"I do n\u2019t want it.\" The little yellow dog ran over, and the little mushroom said: \"Send you a mushroom umbrella. Say no. A little white rabbit ran over and gave him a mushroom umbrella. Haha, the little white rabbit was so happy that she carried the mushroom umbrella home, and the mother rabbit said, \"We are not afraid of rain this time.\""}, {"nb": 2248, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white face sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, grabbed a handful of snow on the ground, and stared at it for a long time. \"No, it's not white flour!\" Another girl said: \"It's cotton, my grandfather said.\" \"It's Baiyun girl who is afraid of frost-breaking wheat seedlings. She sent thick quilts to the wheat field.\" \"A round-faced child waved his hands again and again,\" My mother said, snowflakes are the petals that Sister Chun sown from the sky, the petals fall, and spring is coming! \""}, {"nb": 2249, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 2250, "data": "Red flowers and green leaves are here in spring, and the flowers are blooming. The flower is blooming. How beautiful it is. People take pictures of it. The flower is blooming, so fragrant, and the bees are spinning around it. Huaer smiled, but Huaer was happy. The flower smiled, and a flower became proud. It can't look at the green leaves around it, and feels that the leaves are ordinary, and nobody looks at it, it's too ordinary. While a gust of wind was blowing, the flower fell hard from the tree and left the green leaves. The flower fluttered with the wind, and fluttered. It didn't take long for the flower to dry up, like a pile of waste paper, and was swept into the garbage dump by people. When the other flowers met, they would never dare to leave the green leaves again. Only then did they understand that the green leaves were silent, and they worked hard to produce all kinds of nutrients in the sun to supply themselves. With green leaves, our flowers are red; with green leaves, our flowers are fragrant; with green leaves, our flowers are able to bear fruit."}, {"nb": 2251, "data": "Light rain, light rain, one drop, two drops, ticking ... ticking, jumping from the sky, jumping from the leaves, jumping from the roof. Drizzle, drizzle, please jump into my mouth, one drop, another drop, so cold, so sweet! No wonder the seeds drank and sprouted the leaves, and the flowers drank more vividly! Tick \u200b\u200b..."}, {"nb": 2252, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 2253, "data": "The rain stopped. The sun is coming out . A rainbow hangs in the sky. Cicada cried. The spider is sitting on the web again. The pond was full, and the frog also cried."}, {"nb": 2254, "data": "I am a seed. When spring comes, I will germinate. Thank you for the sun and rain, they helped me grow up. Now, I have grown very tall. In the fall, I will bear the fat fruit, and the farmers are glad to see it!"}, {"nb": 2255, "data": "Mother, why Xiaohe laughs loudly because the sun tickles her and tickles her. Mom, why is Hehe singing because the lark is praising her babble. Mother, why is Xiaohe so cool because she is immersed in the reverie that is deeply loved by snow. Mom, how old is Xiaohe, she will always be the same age as the young spring. Mom, why doesn't Xiaohe rest because her mother, the sea, hopes her at all times."}, {"nb": 2256, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2257, "data": "The beautiful umbrella flowers are raining. Pedestrians on the street are all holding umbrellas. From afar, they look like beautiful flowers. Some are red, some are black, some are yellow, some are green, and some are transparent. The whole street looks like it is full of colorful flowers. These \"flowers\" have feet and walk around the street."}, {"nb": 2258, "data": "In front of the village there is a crooked river, and the river slowly flows eastward. There are fields and green hills on both banks of the river, with wild flowers of various colors on the hillside. There is a white stone bridge over the river, and many people are walking on the bridge."}, {"nb": 2259, "data": "Childishness is not spring, not summer, where are the fireflies? A few points, a few stars, flew from the west of the village to the east of the village. No flowers, no grass, where is the little bee? In front of the mountain, behind the mountain, step by step ... walked in. It turned out that there were several small rural children with lanterns running around, chasing stars on the frozen river ..."}, {"nb": 2260, "data": "Moon Bay My home is in Moon Bay. Moon Bay is a beautiful village. There is a crescent creek in front of the village, and there is a stone bridge on the river. The river flows slowly around the village, and a school of fish swims in the river. The clear river reflects the small bridge, green trees and Castle Peak. There are many peach trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms. From afar, they look like a green farmland. Behind the village is a mountain, and there is a tea tree on the hillside. Moon Bay is so beautiful! I love Moon Bay."}, {"nb": 2261, "data": "Wedding invitations, Spring Festival couplets, your New Year's couple must post the Spring Festival couplets during the Chinese New Year? Do you know the Spring Festival couplets? \"Spring Festival couplets\" are also called \"couplers\", \"pairs\" and \"door pairs\". It depicts the background of the times with neat, dual, concise and delicate texts, and expresses good wishes. It is a unique literary form in China. Every Spring Festival, whether in the city or in the countryside, every household must select a pair of red spring couplets to be posted on the door to add joy to the festival. The folk custom of Spring Festival couplets on the Spring Festival started in the Song Dynasty and became popular in the Ming Dynasty. There are many types of Spring Festival couplets. Depending on where they are used, they can be divided into door centers, frame pairs, horizontal wraps, spring strips, bucket weights, etc. \"Door Heart\" is attached to the center of the upper part of the door panel; \"Frame Pair\" is attached to the left and right door frames; \"Horizontal\" is attached to the door beam; \"Spring Bar\" is attached to the corresponding place according to different content; \"Bucket\" is also called \"door leaf\", and it is a square diamond shape, mostly attached to furniture and shadow walls."}, {"nb": 2262, "data": "The dawn is not yet bright, the ground is still awake, and the moon and stars here have not yet gone down. Dawn put on new clothes and walked out of the house with joy. The laughter awakened the sky, awakened the earth, the moon fell, the stars were gone, the sun rose, the dawn brought the morning glow, and floated to another heaven and earth."}, {"nb": 2263, "data": "Which is the happiest in Happy Summer? I know the happiest in summer. I hid on the tall branches every day and sang folk songs by pulling my throat. Which is the happiest in summer? Ducks are the happiest in summer. Swarm in water in groups, sculling the waves with two paddles."}, {"nb": 2264, "data": "On the night of July 13, 2001, Beijing successfully bid for the 2008 Olympic Games. The good news came that people were flooding the streets in unison, and Beijing immediately became a sea of \u200b\u200bjoy."}, {"nb": 2265, "data": "I like the sun flower. It is the most common flower in summer. The stems of sunflowers are red and green. The stem is very tender, and it seems that water will come out when you pinch it with your hand. The leaves of the sun flower are very special, small and thick, and the surface of the leaf is coated with a thin layer of wax, smooth and green. The colors of sunflowers are exceptionally bright, some are as white as jade, some are as bright as fire, and some are as golden as gold, and the pink ones are like a light blush, the flowers are not large, and the natural beauty of the multi-layered petals The single-layered petals are so pretty and really flattering. I like the sun flower, not only because of its bright colors, but also because it has tenacious vitality, it is not afraid of the sun, the wind, and the rain. It \u2019s always vigorous like that. Just plug in a small stem and plug in In the soil, it will soon take root and bloom."}, {"nb": 2266, "data": "Once, Wang Xizhi went out for a walk and saw an old lady selling a fan by the roadside. She called for a long time, but no one came to buy a fan. Seeing her disappointment, Wang Xizhi was very sympathetic to her, so he took the fan, wrote some words on it, and asked the old woman to take it to the market and sell it. The old woman came to the market, and the people there recognized that the words on the fan were written by Wang Xizhi, and they were battling to buy a fan. After a while, all the fans were sold out."}, {"nb": 2267, "data": "In spring, I buried sunflower seeds in the dark mud, and the seeds germinated quietly in the ground. A few days later, tender young buds burrowed out of the ground. The longer and taller the sunflower, I had to look up to see it. In the summer, the sunflowers are blooming, golden. In winter, the sunflower seeds have matured and they are really full."}, {"nb": 2268, "data": "Everyone has the most beautiful bouquet of eyes. They are as bright as stars. The color of your eyes does not have to be the same as mine. What is the difference between yellow or blue, gray or green? As long as they open, they can see the great sun. Your hair is dark, his hair is golden, no matter what its color is, how beautiful the corolla is. In this vast world, children are blooming like flowers. Some are dark and some are light, like the most beautiful bouquets."}, {"nb": 2269, "data": "Happy and happy I love my school, there are teachers and classmates in the school, everyone study together, dear and affectionate. I love my school. There are classrooms and playgrounds in the school. Let's play together and have fun."}, {"nb": 2270, "data": "The wind on the sea is the god of flowers. When she gathers it, she bursts out thousands of waves ... The wind on the sea is a luthier. As soon as she comes, she plays ten thousand songs ... The wind on the sea is Hercules. Ten thousand pieces of fishing sails were sent away ... The wind on the sea was a lion, and when it roared, it set off monstrous waves ..."}, {"nb": 2271, "data": "Summer night Quietly summer night, the moonlight shone into the small courtyard. Under the big tree, there is an old grandpa taking a cool ride. Not far from the old man, there is a little cat. After a while, the grandfather raised his hand to support the tree trunk, and slowly stood up, stretched out and walked into the room. A child in the room fell asleep, and beside the child, there was a picture that had already been drawn. In the middle is a pond; there are a few lotus flowers in the pond, which are not yet open; a dragonfly squats on it, transparent wings spread out; in the distance, He Miao nods in the wind; an ancient poem is written beside the painting: Xiao He Cai Exposing sharp corners ..."}, {"nb": 2272, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 2273, "data": "The little tree came over winter and winter, and the northwest wind was blowing. We put on cotton clothes. Dad said: \"We are cold. The little tree is cold. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought the straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then carefully tied it one by one with rope. Looking at the little tree in front of me, I said happily: \"When the little tree puts on the winter coat, it is not afraid of the wind, rain and snow.\""}, {"nb": 2274, "data": "Wiping the table On Sunday, after my family finished lunch, I said to my dad: \"I will wipe the table today.\" Dad said: \"Okay, but do n\u2019t think it \u2019s a simple thing, but you need to do it well. Tips. \"I said,\" You can rest assured that I will do a good job. \"So, I packed the bowl and chopsticks into the sink, and then picked up a rag to wipe the table. I used a lot of energy to wipe it, but I didn't wipe it clean several times. Instead, I glued the vegetable scraps and some rice grains on the table to the table. Dad saw it, and said with a smile: \"Xiaofan, the way you wipe is wrong, you should wipe in one direction, not in a circle.\" Dad said as he demonstrated. I wiped it again according to my father's instructions ... Soon, the dirty table was wiped clean by me, and it was as bright as a mirror. I can't think of learning how to clean the table. It seems that I really should do more housework!"}, {"nb": 2275, "data": "Wiping the table On Sunday, after my family finished lunch, I said to my dad: \"I will wipe the table today.\" Dad said: \"Okay, but do n\u2019t think it \u2019s a simple thing, but you need to do it well. Tips. \"I said,\" You can rest assured that I will do a good job. \"So, I packed the bowl and chopsticks into the sink, and then picked up a rag to wipe the table. I used a lot of energy to wipe it, but I didn't wipe it clean several times. Instead, I glued the vegetable scraps and some rice grains on the table to the table. Dad saw it, and said with a smile: \"Xiaofan, the way you wipe is wrong, you should wipe in one direction, not in a circle.\" Dad said as he demonstrated. I wiped it again according to my father's instructions ... Soon, the dirty table was wiped clean by me, and it was as bright as a mirror. I can't think of learning how to clean the table. It seems that I really should do more housework!"}, {"nb": 2276, "data": "Blowing bubbles I gently blew away a series of soap bubbles, they were carrying red orange yellow green green blue blue purple and flew away. I am very sad, looking for them while walking. A crystal dewdrop stood on the blade of grass and said to me: \"Do you think I look like the bubble you blow? Let's be friends!\" A round balloon also floated from a distance and said to me: \"You See if I am the bubble you lost? Let me make a friend with you! \"... I happily ran home and told my mother that I had many, many friends."}, {"nb": 2277, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 2278, "data": "The spring of pomegranate is here, and the pomegranate is blooming. Its flowers are orange-red, its stamens are pale yellow, and there are some thin petals on its head. At the end of summer, some pomegranate flowers have bigger and bigger belly, and soon they will be as big as eggs. A few weeks later, the petals of the pomegranate flower gradually fell. The pomegranates all cracked their mouths and smiled. How neat the rows of red \"teeth\" were. Autumn is here, the pomegranate is ripe, pick it down and try it, hey! It's sour and sweet, so delicious. In winter, when the northwest wind blows, the leaves on the tree fall down."}, {"nb": 2279, "data": "One day in the new house, lambs, chickens, kittens, bears and monkeys were playing together in the woods. They saw that the puppy was building a house. The chick said, \"My friends, how about we build a house\" \"Okay!\" The lamb said, \"I want to build the house on the grass. That way, I can eat the green grass as soon as I go out.\" \"The kitten said:\" No, no. I want to build the house by the small river. In this way, there will be many small fish waiting for me in the river! \"The little bear said:\" But I want to live in a cave , Or let \u2019s dig a hole here! \"The little monkey listened and jumped up and said,\" Well, how do I do. I think it's better to live in a tree, how comfortable it is! \"The new house was built in the end Where"}, {"nb": 2280, "data": "Spring is here, and the snow and ice know it, and it jumps into the water; spring is here, the grass knows, and it looks out of the head; The child knew that the kite was flying higher and higher."}, {"nb": 2281, "data": "There is a crooked creek in front of the clear stream's little rabbit's house. The stream is clear and bright, which can reflect the shadow of the blue sky. But one day, the rabbit suddenly found that the stream in front of his door turned yellow. It was very strange, so he walked along the creek and wanted to see what happened. The rabbit walked along and saw the tall elephant and the fat wild boar. They were panting and exerting their strength to compete for a thick tree by the creek, who wanted to compare their strength . The little rabbit shouted to them as he ran, \"Hurry up and stop! You loosen the dirt, the dirt fell into the stream, and we have no clean water to drink!\" Elephants and wild boars saw the rabbit His face flushed urgently, and all knew that he was wrong, so he worked together to plant the big tree back. Soon the stream cleared again, reflecting the shadow of the white clouds on the blue sky."}, {"nb": 2282, "data": "My hometown is on the plains. The plains she painted were so flat and so wide. There are golden rice, white cotton, and large green fields. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house and green bamboos behind the house. The little girl running on the field is mediocre."}, {"nb": 2283, "data": "There is a small river in my hometown. The river flows slowly around the village, and there are many trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, which looks like a fiery morning glow from afar. After the stone bridge, it is a green farmland. Hometown is so beautiful! I love my hometown!"}, {"nb": 2284, "data": "It was dark and heavy, and the full moon was hung high in the sky, like a bright, shiny mirror, and like a big night pearl. The clouds drifting past are like the elder sister's scarves, which make the moon brighter."}, {"nb": 2285, "data": "A horse lost its way in the desert. In the evening, the pony was tired from walking, and he thought: If there is a sip of water, how good it is! At this moment, it saw not far away, a few bright flowers on the stone. The pony curled up a flower with his tongue. How sweet is this flower! \"This is good!\" The pony cried with joy and ate all the flowers. The next day, Pony finally returned to his mother. The pony told her story to her mother and told her that it was because she ate flowers on the stone and came back with strength. The mother said with a smile: \"Child, that's not stone, it's a kind of plant called lithoflower.\" \"It turns out that way!\" Pony understood."}, {"nb": 2286, "data": "Speaking of hygiene, yes, yes, right, for the bin, open your mouth, and stand on the side of the road. Who is it calling? Hey Hey hey ! Who is that ? The peel cannot be thrown all over! Little sister, heard that, picked up the peel and threw it into the box. Children, when it comes to hygiene, change it when you know it right, right."}, {"nb": 2287, "data": "Antarctica is the coldest place in the world. The snow is thick and will not change all year round. The animals here are mainly penguins and seals. They are all chubby and very hardy. Penguins are not afraid of people at all and are very flattering."}, {"nb": 2288, "data": "The father-in-law smirked, and the little animals got up early. Ducks swim in the water, chicks run on the ground, swings on monkey trees, jump in the squirrel forest, peacocks spread their big tails, and take photos against the lake."}, {"nb": 2289, "data": "Childishness is not spring, not summer, where are the fireflies? A few points, a few stars, flew from the west of the village to the east of the village. No flowers, no grass, where is the little bee? In front of the mountain, behind the mountain, step by step ... walked in. It turned out that there were several small rural children with lanterns running around, chasing stars on the frozen river ..."}, {"nb": 2290, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 2291, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's tree planting festival in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the world, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the crowd planting trees in the Temple of Heaven Park, 81-year-old grandfather Deng Xiaoping was particularly striking. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hand, and his forehead was covered with beads of sweat, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug up. Grandpa Deng picked a vigorous cypress seedling and carefully moved it into the tree pit. He waved a shovel and filled a few shovels of soil. He stood a few steps away and took a closer look. He did n\u2019t feel very straight, and said repeatedly, \u201cNo, no!\u201d He stepped forward and planted the sapling on a green cypress tree, standing straight like a warrior There. There was a satisfied smile on Grandpa Deng 's face. Today, the cypress trees planted by Grandpa Deng personally have grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in the Temple of Heaven."}, {"nb": 2292, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 2293, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 2294, "data": "The precious friendship rooster lives with the sister of the rabbit, the sister of the duck, and the brother of the squirrel. One morning, the rabbit sister came to find the younger brother of the rooster: \"I'm going to buy carrots, lend me a basket.\" The cock said: \"I want to use it myself, don't borrow!\" At noon, the duck sister came to find the brother of the rooster: \"You help me Untie the bow! \"Said the rooster:\" I want to eat, not free! \"At night, the squirrel brother came to the rooster brother:\" Tomorrow morning I will go up the mountain to cut wood, you call me! \"Rooster said:\" I have no energy , Don't call! \"Late night, the strong wind lifted the roof of the rooster's house. The rooster cried and jumped anxiously. Rabbits, ducks and squirrels came to help the rooster repair the roof. It was repaired in a while, and the cock blushed. With the help of the little animals, the rooster repaired the roof that was lifted by the strong wind. It can be seen how precious the friendship is! Let us all learn to care for others and be a good child who helps others!"}, {"nb": 2295, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 2296, "data": "The two green leaves of mother's spring are the spring of the earth. A group of lively little fish is the spring of the sea. The singing bird is the spring of the forest. I grow up healthily, it is my mother's spring!"}, {"nb": 2297, "data": "The wild geese fly one two three four five six seven, the wild geese fly lined up as \"one\". Seven, six, five, four, three, two and one, the geese are flying neatly. Lined up as \"people\" and lined up as \"one\", the geese are all disciplined."}, {"nb": 2298, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 2299, "data": "Plants also have to sleep. Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also have to sleep. Under the sunshine of the red clover, three small leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing refreshed; at night, the three small leaves are closed together, as if the eyes are closed. In the sunny day, the family stretches out the leaves and looks happy, the night falls, the leaves are joined together in pairs, and they have a good night's sleep. The water lily, when the morning of the day came, slowly opened its petals, revealing a charming smile. As the sun sets, the water lily gradually closes its petals and enters dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent freezing, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep."}, {"nb": 2300, "data": "Squirrel Squirrel is a beautiful little animal. It has flexible limbs and agile movements, always jumping on branches, chasing and playing with each other. On the delicate little face, a pair of sparkling little eyes were embedded, turning cautiously. The grayish-brown hair on the body is as smooth as oil, and it feels delicate and soft to the touch. A big fluffy tail is always upturned, and it looks extra beautiful."}, {"nb": 2301, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, osmanthus blossoms, and the sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden-yellow osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four small petals, which are very cute. As soon as the wind blew, the little osmanthus flies down, and the golden osmanthus rained down. Dad told me that osmanthus has different colors. The golden ones are called Jin Gui, the silver ones are called Yin Gui, and the orange ones are called Dan Gui."}, {"nb": 2302, "data": "One summer evening, Wang Mian grazed cattle by the lake. Suddenly, the clouds were overcast and there was a heavy rain. After the heavy rain, the sun shone brightly on the lake. The lotus blossoms in the lake are more vivid. The pink petals are clear of water droplets, and the green lotus leaves are rolling with water droplets."}, {"nb": 2303, "data": "What was it in childhood? Childhood is a piece of chocolate, sweet with bitterness. What was in childhood? Childhood is the building block of games to help you build wisdom. What is childhood? Childhood is a little alarm clock, walking ticking, making you cherish every minute."}, {"nb": 2304, "data": "The scenery of Lushan Mountain is very beautiful. There are no peaks, there are valleys, there are waterfalls, there are streams, especially the fickle clouds, which adds a bit of mystery to it. Seeing the mountains, it seems that you can feel the floating clouds and mists. Walking on the mountain road, there will often be a feeling that the clouds are driving the fog and fluttering. The clouds and mists of Lushan Mountain are various. Those clouds and clouds that cover the top of the mountain are like white velvet caps on the top; those that are wrapped around the middle of the mountain are like a jade belt tied around the mountainside. Clouds permeate the valley, it is a vast sea; clouds cover the mountain peaks, and it is a huge sky. The clouds and mists in Lushan are changing rapidly. The cloud in front of me was just a ray of light that drifted with the wind, and in a blink of an eye, it turned into a galaxy of nine days of galaxy; it was obviously a white horse with four hooves and wind, and it has not yet been fully seen by you, it has become An iceberg floating on the Arctic Ocean ..."}, {"nb": 2305, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. When the sun kisses the leaves, the leaves turn green. When the sun kisses the grapes, the grapes turn purple. So, what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful."}, {"nb": 2306, "data": "In the past, several blind people touched an elephant. The man who touched the elephant's leg said: The elephant is like a pillar. The man who touched the elephant said: The elephant is like a wall. The man who touched the elephant's tail said: The elephant is like a snake. Everyone said they were right, and they were blushing."}, {"nb": 2307, "data": "George and his little axe George got a little axe, and it was tickling in his heart. He wanted to try the axe sharp or not. He ran into the garden and saw a tree. Without thinking, he raised a small axe and cut down the tree. After a while, Dad came back. \"Who cut my beloved cherry tree?\" Dad exclaimed angrily, \"If I knew who did it, I would ...\" George lowered his head and said: \"Dad, I want to try my little ax \"\" Dad's anger disappeared immediately. He hugged George and said, \"You told me the truth, I'm very happy. I'd rather lose twelve cherry trees than you would tell a lie.\""}, {"nb": 2308, "data": "Summer song Where is the summer song? Know it, on the tall tree. Where is the song of summer? Quack, by the clear pond. Where is the song of summer? Rumble, in the high sky. Where is the song of summer? Buzzing in the green grass."}, {"nb": 2309, "data": "The happy bird and the tree blossomed, and the tree came to fruition. That flower will fly, and that fruit will sing. Don't believe it? Come and see, red, blue, yellow, white, what a beautiful flower this is! Come and listen, \"\" Squeak! \"\" Chirp! \"\" \"Trick!\" \"What a beautiful song this is! Mother said with a smile: \"This is a birdie, a beautiful birdie, a happy birdie.\" Ah! Are those little birds the children of Mum Tree? Mother Dashu, there must be many, many interesting stories and fairy tales ..."}, {"nb": 2310, "data": "One big, one small, one tiger and one cat. One side is more, the other side is less, a group of geese and a bird. Count, count, and remember how big or small you are."}, {"nb": 2311, "data": "Fun toys are in the spacious cabinets, filled with my toys. Bears who can take pictures, foxes driving trains, frogs jumping around, colorful plasticine. After finishing my homework every day, I play with them."}, {"nb": 2312, "data": "Happy tree spring is a good season for planting trees. I carried the shovel, took the sapling, and came to the river. I dug a hole with a spade and carefully planted the saplings. My mother saw me and asked me with a smile: \"My child, what kind of tree do you plant?\" I answered loudly: \"When I grow up, this happy tree will grow up. I hope this tree will be sent to children around the world Spread happiness. \"Mom touched my head and said kindly:\" We wish the happiness tree grow up quickly so that every child in the world can share happiness! \""}, {"nb": 2313, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 2314, "data": "Small crayon Colorful small crayon, I use red to paint the national flag, I use green to paint the earth, I use blue to paint the ocean, I use yellow to paint the golden rooster, all 12 colors are used to draw my beautiful hometown."}, {"nb": 2315, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 2316, "data": "Bless you, little swallows, I walked in the park in the morning and found a little swallow that fell to the ground. I was determined to send it home. I cautiously held the little swallow, holding my head sideways, looking at the tree as I walked. Suddenly, I found a \"soil nest\", is that the nest of the little swallows? I take a closer look, yo, there are two big swallows in the nest! At this moment, the little thing could not help crying, like saying: \"Yes, yes, this is it!\" But the big swallow flew away in fright when he saw me. I placed the little swallow under \"Tuwowo\" and looked behind the big tree. I saw that the two big swallows fell gently beside the little swallows, yelling, the three swallows are so affectionate! Looking at their family reunion, I couldn't help laughing. what ! Little Swallow, I wish you all the best and hope that you can grow up smoothly and make greater contributions to mankind."}, {"nb": 2317, "data": "The Little Zoo The little zoo has camels, rabbits, dogs, deer, and goats, etc. I like the goats in it the most. When I came to the zoo, I first ran to the lamb fold and took out the grass that I had prepared in advance. At this moment, a goat ran over. It has white hair, smooth and beautiful, with a pair of small horns on its head, a pair of round black eyes embedded in its exquisite face, and a pair of white beards under its small mouth, running, \"bleating\" while running Shouted."}, {"nb": 2318, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 2319, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 2320, "data": "The first birthday cake is June 1st's birthday. Many small animals came to congratulate her. Rabbits send grass, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, and hens send eggs. Everyone sing together to wish Lamb a happy birthday. The lamb blew out the candle and cut off the first birthday cake. Maverick thought: I will definitely give it to me. I will show it to her when I have a good book. The little monkey thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something fun, just give her a play. Little Rabbit thought: I will definitely give it to me. If I have something delicious, I will play with her. However, the lamb gave the first piece of cake to her mother, she said: \"Without my mother there would be no me, my birthday is my mother's holiday.\" Friends all applauded, everyone said: \"We have On birthday, the first piece of cake must also be given to mom. \""}, {"nb": 2321, "data": "The little painter in the snow is snowing! It's snowing! A group of small painters came in the snow. Chicks paint bamboo leaves, puppies paint plum blossoms, ducks paint maple leaves, and ponies paint crescents. Without paint, without a paintbrush, a picture can be made in a few steps. Why didn't the frog participate? It hid in the hole to sleep!"}, {"nb": 2322, "data": "The water of the lake is green, the lotus leaves are red, and the flowers have died. The lotus is like a shower head in the bathroom. It is not possible to bathe with it. There is a lotus seed sleeping in it, white and fat like peanuts."}, {"nb": 2323, "data": "Happy Sunday Today is Sunday, the weather is very warm, my father and I decided to go to the park to play. There are so many people in the park! On the curvy path, there are grandpas singing tunes, big brothers running while listening to music, and a group of happy children on the green grass are catching butterflies! I quickly joined them. Have fun playing today!"}, {"nb": 2324, "data": "Spring silkworms are career-minded, and Madam Curie is someone who devotes her entire body and mind to the cause of science and human progress. She devoted her life to researching radium, establishing a new radiology science, and becoming a pioneer in nuclear physics. For the noble cause, work carefully and patiently, and dedicate everything to the people. This is the character of the spring silkworm. This is the character of the moving Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 2325, "data": "Words of Spring Doll Spring Doll said something to Xiaoshan, and Xiaoshan put on a green skirt. Chunhua said something to Xiaohe, and Xiaohe sang a la la song. When Spring Doll said something to Xiaohua, Xiaohua opened her red mouth. Chunhua said something to Dayan, and Dayan flew home from the south. The capacity of a spring doll is so great that everything in the world listens to it!"}, {"nb": 2326, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 2327, "data": "In the past, the fox had two pairs of twins, big fat and small fat. They are always arguing all day long. One day, on the way to grandma's house, they found a piece of bread. They were afraid that the other party would eat more, so they kept arguing. A fox came, and it said: \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divides the bread into one big and one small, and the big fat little fat said: \"Not fair.\" The fox said: \"This is not easy to do \"The fox took a bite of the big one, and the big one became small. Big fat and little fat still feel unfair, and the fox bites the bigger one again. In this way, the fox bites around, and in the end, the bread is almost completely eaten by the fox. The fox slipped away quietly taking advantage of the stunned effort of the brothers. Only then did the two brothers realize that they were fooled by the cunning fox and regretted it."}, {"nb": 2328, "data": "The little ant moved the bean. The little ant found a bean, and he hurried to the house. I saw that the little ant touched the little ant next to it with the antennae on its head. This little ant also clicked on the antennae. , Indicating that you know. It touched the ants behind with its tentacles. In this way, everyone touched one by one, everyone knew. The ants lined up immediately, led by the little ants who found the beans, and arrived at the place where the beans were put. Everyone moved the beans back home. It turned out that the little ants used their tentacles to deliver messages."}, {"nb": 2329, "data": "Child Yu, I am a fish, do you know my age? In spring and summer, I eat more and grow faster; in autumn and winter, the opposite is true. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds. My scales will appear one by one, as long as I count the lines on my body, You can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 2330, "data": "The wall was \"sweating\". This morning, I just got up and suddenly found that the wall of my house was wet. A closer look showed that the walls were covered with small drops of water! Where did these little waterdrops come from? Do the walls also sweat? I felt very strange, so I went to ask my mother. My mother told me, \"It's called the wall is still wet because the weather is sultry and the air is humid. It's going to rain soon.\" I quickly looked at the sky through the window: the sky was gray, the sun lost its former power, and the sun was not so dazzling. However, there is no dark cloud in the sky, how could it rain? The weather continued for two or three days, and it rained. I finally understood: the wall \"sweating\", it will rain. Haha, the wall has become a weather forecaster!"}, {"nb": 2331, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 2332, "data": "Who lives in the new building on the top floor is built. Who lives on the top floor? Everyone thinks: Grandpa Niu is older and has inconvenient movements. He cannot live on the top floor. Pony volunteered and said: \"I live on the top floor, I love to run, and I'm in good health.\" \"No, no. Your steps are too heavy, it will affect everyone's rest. Let me live on the top floor. My steps are light, and I jump and jump Just go up. \"Said Little Rabbit. \"No, no! You have long hind legs and short forelegs. It's easy to go downstairs. It's hard to get downstairs. You can fall on your head.\" The puppy said, \"I live on the top floor. I walk light and fast, and there is no noise.\" \"No , No! You live on the top floor, who will watch the door for everyone? You should live on the first floor. \"The little monkey said,\" Let me live on the top floor, I can climb high and move fast! \"Everyone agreed. The little monkey lived on the top floor. He hung a rope from the window, and he walked up and down, but it was almost fast. He also distributed letters and newspapers to various households by the way."}, {"nb": 2333, "data": "The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival The moon of the Mid-Autumn Festival is round. Mother said: \"The round moon is like a plate.\" Dad said: \"The round moon is like a flying saucer, followed by a group of small stars.\" I said: \"No, no! The moon is like a big moon cake, very delicious, It \u2019s very sweet, and I \u2019ll give it to you. \u201dThe moon listened to me and thought it would be eaten, and hurried into the cloud. After a while, it knew that we were eating moon cakes, and then drilled out and hung brightly in the sky."}, {"nb": 2334, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 2335, "data": "The little painter in the snow is snowing! It's snowing! A group of small painters came in the snow. Chicks paint bamboo leaves, puppies paint plum blossoms, ducks paint maple leaves, and ponies paint crescents. Without paint, without a paintbrush, a picture can be made in a few steps. Why didn't the frog participate? It hid in the hole to sleep!"}, {"nb": 2336, "data": "The ants were saved and the sky slowly darkened. The little ants were still playing on the grass. He said to himself: \"It's going to rain heavily, I have to run home quickly.\" Then he ran to his house, but the wind was too strong, and the ants were blown into the river all at once, he wow Crying, frightened. Fortunately, a leaf floated on the river, so he quickly climbed onto the leaf. But the naughty wind came to make trouble again ... The little ants were swayed by the wind, and at this moment, Sister Butterfly came, and reached out to help, she said: \"Little ants, climb up, I Help you take it home. \"After that, the little ant jumped on the butterfly's back. Butterflies spread their wings against the wind, flying high and low. After a while, the little ants were delivered to the house. The father and mother of the little ant said, \"You are such a good butterfly to help others!\""}, {"nb": 2337, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 2338, "data": "Little Huazier finds happiness. There is a little black flower who quietly pops out of his mother's arms. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun and asked: \"Sun, are you very happy?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun's bright red face said, \"I give everyone sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It sees little birds, Q: \"Bird, are you very happy?\" \"Bird\" chirping \"said:\" Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me. \"It saw a bee, asked:\" bee \"Are you very happy?\" The bee \"buzzed\" and said: \"Yes, I'm very happy. I'm collecting honey for everyone. Everyone likes me.\" It saw a frog, asked: \"Are you happy, frog \"Frog\" \u5471\u5471\u5471 \"Say:\" Yes, I am very happy. I catch pests for everyone, everyone likes me. \"Friends are very happy, Xiao Huazi also want to find their own happiness. It floats with the wind girl, across the river, across the grassland, and finally onto the snowy mountains. A piece of white snow, a white tree, a white house, a white road in the snow mountain ... The little flower child stayed, and it was going to bloom a flower on the snow mountain. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really has a beautiful big red flower. The fragrant fragrance is very urgent. The scent spread far and far, white bears, seals, snow rabbits, walruses ... and adults and children came. Seeing everyone like it so much, it said happily to itself: \"I'm so happy!\""}, {"nb": 2339, "data": "Sister Hot and Sister Leng, do you know that Hot Sister and Sister Leng live in space? Both of their sisters have a round face. The hot sister's face is red, like a red ball; the cold sister's face is white, like a mirror, reflecting light. They work one during the day and one at night. They are always serving us humans! Do you know who they are? They are the sun and the moon! Do you understand ?"}, {"nb": 2340, "data": "On Sunday afternoon, I sat on the balcony and painted. I first drew a piece of forest on paper with a green watercolor pen. The forest is green and the trees are very dense. I drew the blue sky above the forest again. There are white clouds floating in the sky. Then, I drew a few birds in the forest with yellow feathers and pointed mouths, which is very interesting. Finally, I gave the picture a name: \"The Bird's Home\"."}, {"nb": 2341, "data": "The chick pecked at the eggshell with a small pointed mouth. It pecked and pecked for a long time before it pecked out a small hole. It saw the sky is blue and clear, the trees are green, and the river is clear and clear."}, {"nb": 2342, "data": "The peach blossoms bloom in the spring of all seasons, and bees and butterflies all fly. In the summer the lotus blooms and the fish in the pond swims over. Chrysanthemums bloom in autumn, and the swallows fly away and the leaves fall. In winter, plum blossoms bloom and silver snowflakes fall. Flowers bloom all year round, and happiness makes people happy."}, {"nb": 2343, "data": "I like rain. The rain in spring germinated the seeds, and a piece of pink willow green on the earth. The rain in summer bathes the earth, and people feel very cool. The rain in autumn put the golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible, just like someone in the sky poured down pot after pot of water, washed down the road, and washed the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people, and sometimes brings disasters to people."}, {"nb": 2344, "data": "The storm was blowing, and the rain was falling down. Looking up close, there is not even a single figure on the street. The white flowers are all water, and they have become a flowing river. There are countless splashes of water on it. From a distance, the buildings and trees are vague."}, {"nb": 2345, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful outer walls that decorates the hut beautifully and brightly. In the wooden house is a small cat that helps others. One day, frogs, turtles, ducks, and roosters went to the streets to play together. On the way home, the sky darkened, and after a while, it began to rain heavily. The little cat is watching TV. It heard the sound of raining outside, \"Wow, Wow\", and thought, \"Will there be friends who need umbrellas?\" The little cat quickly took the little umbrella and walked out the door. It stood under the eaves, and saw four little friends coming along the road from afar. But now there is only one umbrella in hand, to whom do you lend it? The little cat saw the frog walking up and down, oh! It understands that frogs grow up in rivers and are not afraid of rain. It saw the tortoise sticking out its long neck and drinking the rain happily. There was a lid on its back. The turtle did not use an umbrella. It also saw a little duck with shiny, smooth feathers. When the rain dropped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't need an umbrella. Only the poor big cock, the thin feathers were soaked in the rain, the little cat quickly lent the little cock to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a big thing and feels so happy in his heart!"}, {"nb": 2346, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 2347, "data": "To the mouse, I like you-a pair of smart eyes, pink ears. Although I love to do bad things, I still like you. If I come to your kingdom, I must ask you to wash your face, wash your hands, take a bath, and brush your teeth. Also teach you to work by yourself and don't sneak in when doing things. I also want to introduce you a friend-its name is cat."}, {"nb": 2348, "data": "The brave little spiny one autumn afternoon, the weather was clear, the animals were having a picnic, and they had just eaten half of them. Suddenly, the big bad wolf came and swaggered. It said viciously, \"Which of the many animals should I eat?\" \"The little animals were terrified when they saw them. They all flew away, and all ran away. Only little thorns left. The wolf came over and wanted to eat Lele. Lele said to himself: \"Don't be afraid!\" It bravely rushed up and shrunk into a mass of piercing the wolf with the thorns on his body. Ran away. The little animals came back, and they asked Lele: \"What if the big bad wolf came back?\" Lele said, \"I'm not afraid of it! I can use the thorns on my body to deal with it.\" The little animals admire the brave little thorns so much that they are thrown into the ground!"}, {"nb": 2349, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 2350, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2351, "data": "Labor is the most glorious sun, golden and bright, the rooster sings three times. The flower woke up, and the bird was busy dressing. Little magpie, build a new house, little bee, collect honey. Where does a happy life come from? Rely on labor to create!"}, {"nb": 2352, "data": "Spring is ticking, ticking, ticking, ticking ... Chunyu seems to say, \"Spring is coming, spring is coming!\" The frog fell asleep for a winter, crawled out of the hole, sat on the lotus leaf and sang, quack, quack. The little swallow flew back from the south, and chirped on the tree, the grass burrowed out of the ground, and the big tree grew new leaves."}, {"nb": 2353, "data": "There is a little magpie in my family. It spent three springs and autumns with me and formed a profound friendship with me. The magpie is a kind of auspicious bird, its shape is very beautiful, brownish yellow pointed mouth, pink tongue, eyes flicker like two stars. The feathers on the head and body are blue and black. The black hair on the wings carries a few long feathers. The feathers on the belly are white. The beautiful long tail always tilts upwards."}, {"nb": 2354, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 2355, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 2356, "data": "The spring rain was \"Xili, Xili, Xili ...\" There was light rain in the sky, the thin and dense rain filaments, like a bright silver thread, floating down from the sky. The flower lifted up the shallow wine glass, covered with the bright raindrops, and tasted it, sweet and fragrant. The willow girl woke up and took a light raindrop on her head. Feng'er combed the green wicker like a comb, ha, the willow girl's long hair, so beautiful. Xili, Xili, Xili ... what a wonderful spring rain!"}, {"nb": 2357, "data": "Mother Swallow hatched four little swallows. They have long black hairs, white belly, and small yellow mouths with sharp points, stretch out their long small necks, and shake their little round heads. You hold me, I squeeze you. When Daddy Yan and Mama Yan came back from the insects, they squeezed out, squeezing their heads out, opening their mouths, extending their necks, eager to eat. If you ca n\u2019t eat it, you scream."}, {"nb": 2358, "data": "Autumn rain is long. The silent rain silk washed everything on the ground brightly, and even the fallen leaves on the ground were coated with a layer of gold. A pair of little feet wearing colored rubber shoes, walking on the road covered with gold leaves, came out of a line of colored poems. A small umbrella full of flowers floats on the road covered with gold leaves into a beautiful song."}, {"nb": 2359, "data": "One summer evening, Wang Mian grazed cattle by the lake. Suddenly, the clouds were overcast and there was a heavy rain. After the heavy rain, the sun shone brightly on the lake. The lotus blossoms in the lake are more vivid. The pink petals are clear of water droplets, and the green lotus leaves are rolling with water droplets."}, {"nb": 2360, "data": "At naughty summer and summer noon, the sun is like a big fireball, hot and hot. The little flower is listless and sad. The grass has also dried up, and the leaves are all rolled up. The road seemed to be covered in a hot coat. The bicycle was parked outside, so hot that the owner dared not even sit. Ugh ! Summer, you are so naughty!"}, {"nb": 2361, "data": "Where is the spray home? Home is in the sea. When does the spray open? Please ask the wind. What color is the spray? Blossoming white as clouds. How much is the spray? Thousands and thousands of flowers."}, {"nb": 2362, "data": "The bear met the younger sister on the bridge. It carried the younger sister across the bridge. The bear met the father-in-law on the bridge, and he helped the father-in-law across the bridge. The little bear met the little deer on the bridge, he quickly got down, and let the little deer jump over from it."}, {"nb": 2363, "data": "The size of a cow. Two ants argue about the size of a cow. An ant crawled on the hoof of the cow and said, \"The cow is not much bigger than the bowl.\" Another ant crawled on the horn of the cow said: \"No, the cow is curved, and its length is about the same as the cucumber.\" The cow heard, laughing He smiled and said, \"Please walk more and come to a conclusion.\" Two ants crawled around on the cow, and they hadn't crawled on the cow's body for a while. They said, \"Niu Zhen is tall!\""}, {"nb": 2364, "data": "The moon held by the rope, my smart baby, the moon and you are really good: you walk, it walks, you stop, it stops, it is really obedient on it. It's a little white dog that you hold with a rope. It's a little balloon that you hold with a string. When you sleep, you tie it to the pillow. During the night, the moon hangs over your crib."}, {"nb": 2365, "data": "My family lives in Xiaoshan Village. There is a fruit tree on the hillside. Full of pink peach, snowy pear flower. At the foot of the mountain there is a beautiful new house, that is our school. There is a small river in front of the school. The river is clear and clear, and sometimes you can see small fish swimming around. Looking up, the newly-built mountain road bends and stretches into the distance. I love my little mountain village, I love my hometown."}, {"nb": 2366, "data": "A cruise ship was running on the water, with white waves rolled up on both sides of the bow, and a long ripple was dragged at the stern. Xiao Jie sits on the bow. She was eating bread while enjoying the scenery on both sides. Look, the mountain over there is like a frog about to jump, the mountain over here is like an eagle with wings spread out, the rock rabbits and rock turtles on the mountainside seem to be racing."}, {"nb": 2367, "data": "My favorite is rose flowers. The stems of rose flowers are thin and extremely long, and there are many small hard thorns on it. Touch it, and it will pierce you hard. The leaves of rose flowers are oval, with many small teeth on the sides. The most beautiful is that there are many colors of rose flowers, red, white, and yellow. Flowers of various colors are very beautiful when they bloom."}, {"nb": 2368, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 2369, "data": "The Mid-Autumn Festival is here, osmanthus blossoms, and the sweet smell of osmanthus is everywhere in the community. Step forward and look closely, you will find clusters of golden-yellow osmanthus in the green leaves. Each little flower has four small petals, which are very cute. As soon as the wind blew, the little osmanthus flies down, and the golden osmanthus rained down. Dad told me that osmanthus has different colors. The golden ones are called Jin Gui, the silver ones are called Yin Gui, and the orange ones are called Dan Gui."}, {"nb": 2370, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 2371, "data": "Beautiful spring is so beautiful! Because in the spring, the plants that \"sleeped\" for a winter will spit out their leaves and show their richness! The forest is awake! The animals in the forest changed into spring clothes: the little rabbit took off the \"grey clothes\" and changed into the \"white clothes\"; the grasshopper took off the \"white clothes\" and changed into the \"green clothes\" ... it was really colorful. The little rabbit said: \"Our animals are the most beautiful in the spring!\" Huaer retorted: \"Aren't our plants also in a variety of poses?\" Really, catkins on the willow are like cotton, flowers on the peach are like flowers, and pine and cypress trees are full of flowers ...... The plant kingdom in the forest is really Yinggeyanwu, butterfly dance and bee flying!"}, {"nb": 2372, "data": "Pear, pour ... The rain in spring falls at night and stops at dawn. The rain in spring is a thump: dong dong, dong dong! Beating the large banana leaves, the sound is so sweet and crisp. The rain in spring is the keys: Dingdong, Dingdong! The calm Koike was struck, and the sound was so gentle and pleasant. The rain in spring is the paint: it stains the green grass and leaves, and reddens the wildflowers and mangosteens. The rain in spring is a lullaby: the children have just woken up from their dreams and walked into another sweet dream."}, {"nb": 2373, "data": "The white elf winter is here, and thousands of snowflakes come to the world. These white elves, soon, covered the ground with white quilts; soon, they put beautiful ice flowers on the windows; and soon, they made thick ice on the river; and soon, they turned the children into There are cute little snowmen; ... the elves have fun!"}, {"nb": 2374, "data": "Plants also have to sleep. Everyone knows that people and animals must sleep, but many plants also have to sleep. Under the sunshine of the red clover, three small leaves spread out on each petiole, appearing refreshed; at night, the three small leaves are closed together, as if the eyes are closed. In the sunny day, the family stretches out the leaves and looks happy, the night falls, the leaves are joined together in pairs, and they have a good night's sleep. The water lily, when the morning of the day came, slowly opened its petals, revealing a charming smile. As the sun sets, the water lily gradually closes its petals and enters dreamland. Plants sleep, some can prevent freezing, and some can reduce the loss of heat and moisture. From this point of view, plants, like humans, need to sleep."}, {"nb": 2375, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 2376, "data": "One day, a white sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the south, and a black sheep climbed the Dumu Bridge from the north. They came to the bridge at the same time, Aries said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" Black Sheep said: \"You go back, let me cross the bridge first!\" They refused to let anyone, they hit After a while, I only heard the sound of \"Plop! Plop!\" In the river, and they all fell into the river."}, {"nb": 2377, "data": "June 18th is Bunny's birthday. Many small animals congratulated him. Baby goats send vegetables, calves send milk, monkeys send peaches, chickens send bugs, and cats send fish. Everyone sing together and wish the little rabbit a happy birthday."}, {"nb": 2378, "data": "There are many insects in nature sanitation that look uncomfortable, but in fact their work is very valuable. Although they are not treated fairly for this reason, they still work silently. When you find a dead rat on the roadside, walk in and you will see a lot of ants, beetles and flies gather on it. Goose bumps on you will definitely go up and run away with your nose covered. Do you think these insects are very dirty and terrible and disgusting? The fact is not what you think. These insects are so busy that they are doing cleaning work for this world. Remember, they are hardworking sanitation workers in nature."}, {"nb": 2379, "data": "Treasures forever when I was young, I didn't even know that there was Mother's Day. I remember when I was in the kindergarten class, the teacher told us that Mother's Day is a holiday for children to express their gratitude to their mothers, and thank them for giving birth, raising me, and raising me. At that time, the teacher taught us to use red paper to cut a \"heart\" and write your name on it and give it to mom. That day, my mother happened to be back from abroad. My father and I went to the airport to meet her. When I saw my mother, I was embarrassed to take the gift out; my father reminded me next to me that I gave my mother the heart. I said to my mother: \"Mother, Happy Mother's Day!\" My mother hugged me and kissed me twice. There seemed to be a tear in my eyes. Mother put the \"heart\" in her box and kept it until now. No matter where her mother is, this \"heart\" always accompanies her. I deeply feel: my little intention brings happiness to my mother and makes her treasure forever."}, {"nb": 2380, "data": "Little Raindrops Little Raindrops are a group of lovable little dolls. They are sensible and most willing to help people. If the little flowers are thirsty, the little raindrops will jump from the sky and let the little flowers absorb the rain. If the fish in the lake feels sulky, they jump down and blow bubbles out of the water to make the fish breathable."}, {"nb": 2381, "data": "Draw and draw the puppy running in the snow, and the footprints of the puppy are left on the snow. The puppy said to the chick: \"Look, look, I will paint plum blossoms.\" The chick ran in the snow, and the footprints of the chick were left on the snow. The chick said to the puppy: \"Look, look, I can paint bamboo leaves.\""}, {"nb": 2382, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 2383, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 2384, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 2385, "data": "The white clouds are reflected in the pond like a group of white geese. The sun reflected in the pond, like a bright red balloon. The crescent moon is reflected in the pond, like a crooked boat. The stars are reflected in the pond like many shiny pearls."}, {"nb": 2386, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 2387, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 2388, "data": "The old man on the calendar stepped on the sound of firecrackers and flew with the snowflakes. Look, who is coming to us? Ah, it is the old man of the calendar who came to his side. The old man of the calendar is so nice, he gave us a gift. Not a big holiday cake, not a sweet and refined toffee. It is a thick new calendar with a total of 365 sheets. Give us 365 suns, give us 365 moons. Going to school in summer teaches us not to be afraid of heat, but reading early in winter teaches us not to be afraid of frost. Accompany us throughout the year, study hard, and improve every day. Ah, how precious is the gift of the old man of the calendar, we must cherish it in our hearts. Let each one become a sail, leading us to sail every day in the sea of \u200b\u200bknowledge."}, {"nb": 2389, "data": "Tree doctors People say that woodpeckers are hardworking tree doctors. The woodpecker's mouth is pointed and hard, like a chisel. The tongue is thin and long, and there are hooks on the tongue. When the woodpecker found that there were pests under the bark, he pecked the bark first, then stretched out the tongue with hooks, and then stringed the pests on the tongue one by one, and finally used saliva to bring out the bugs and eggs."}, {"nb": 2390, "data": "The little tadpole swims, and after a few days, two hind legs grow out. They saw mother carp looking for food. The little tadpole greeted him and asked, \"Where is our mother?\" Mother Carp said: \"Your mother has four legs and wide mouth. Go and find it there!\""}, {"nb": 2391, "data": "It rained a little, the sky was overcast, the clouds were low, and the sun was hiding. The swallows swept over the treetops, the fish jumped out of the water, and the ants whispered, whispering: \"Let's light rain, it's going to rain! Quickly move! Quickly move!\" Soon, ticking, ticking ... The little rain fell! It fell on the ground like knocking a snare drum; it fell in the pond and made the pool water laugh with flowers. Looking up at the sky, the little raindrops were connected into a line of silver, which was skewed by the wind, like a drunk drunk, like dancing. After a while, wow, wow, wow ... the little raindrops will gather together, become a stream, and flow on the ground. She washed the stone steps, washed the playground, and the asphalt roads became smooth and shiny. We are not afraid of rain, bare head, bare feet, running after Yuhua. Some carried sandals, some wore raincoats, some waved sticks, like a bunch of little ducks ... In the rain, we went to school."}, {"nb": 2392, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 2393, "data": "Uncle Feng one day, Uncle Feng said to the children: \"Every one of you will find a child who is a mother of water, but you can't find springs, streams, rivers, rivers, lakes and sea water.\" The children nodded. Go out together. Big baby came back, holding a dark cloud, second baby came back, surrounded by a rainbow, three baby came back, holding a thick fog, four baby came back, picked a dewdrop, five baby came back, draped Here comes a hoarfrost, Liuwa came back, picked a snowflake, Qiwa came back, carrying an iceberg. Uncle Feng looked at it and said happily, \"You are all right. It's really a smart boy.\""}, {"nb": 2394, "data": "There is a cute little rabbit who is going to find the sun. The little rabbit went to ask her mother, \"Mother said:\" The sun is round, red. \"The little rabbit pointed to two red, round lanterns and asked,\" Is this the sun? \"Mother said:\" This is a lantern \"The sun is outside!\" The little rabbit came to the vegetable garden and pointed at three round red radishes. \"Is this the sun?\" Mom replied, \"This is a radish. Is the sun in the sky !?\" Little The rabbit raised his head and pointed to the red round balloon floating in the sky and asked: \"Mom, is this the sun?\" \"No, this is a red balloon, the sun will shine, you see\" The little rabbit followed her mother's finger Found the sun in the direction. The little rabbit shouted loudly: \"I found it! The sun is red, round, and warm on the body.\""}, {"nb": 2395, "data": "Snowman \"It's snowing! It's snowing!\" Xiaohua took out the tool and rushed out of the yard with his friends in the same courtyard to pile up the snowman. Xiaohua first piled up a big snowball with a dustpan as a snowman's body. Xiaohong took out the bamboo pole and inserted it into the snowball. This is the hand. So the fat body was done. Xiaoli piled up a small head with a dustpan, and his eyes, nose, and hat were worse. By the way, the iron bucket can be used as a hat. Xiaogang took out two small round briquettes and a carrot from his home, pressed it on the snowman's face, and drew a curved line with his finger under the snowman's nose, ha! A snowman is piled up. The little friends all laughed with joy."}, {"nb": 2396, "data": "Spring is here, and the scenery in the park is really beautiful. Green grass grows on the grass like a green carpet. The flowers in the pots are all blooming. Some of them are red, yellow, white, purple, and dark red. They are very beautiful."}, {"nb": 2397, "data": "Mother Swallow hatched four little swallows. They have long black hairs, white belly, and small yellow mouths with sharp points, stretch out their long small necks, and shake their little round heads. You hold me, I squeeze you. When Daddy Yan and Mama Yan came back from the insects, they squeezed out, squeezing their heads out, opening their mouths, extending their necks, eager to eat. If you ca n\u2019t eat it, you scream."}, {"nb": 2398, "data": "In the mountains, the sun climbs out from behind the mountain; in the fields, the sun jumps out of the Mai Lang; in the city, the sun comes out of the gap between the buildings; in our home, the sun is squeezed from the curtains Out; in the school, the sun is called out from the children's reading."}, {"nb": 2399, "data": "Red butterflies and yellow birds fly in the air and dance in the air. It's not a butterfly, it's not a bird, it's red leaf dance, yellow leaves are floating, like a telegram sent by Qiu Niang, telling us that autumn has come."}, {"nb": 2400, "data": "The cuckoo's floral skirt cuckoo lives in the tree hole of the old locust tree. Listening to the old locust tree, cuckoo used to have no flower skirt. It flew from east to west, and while flying, it was called \"cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry cuckoo!\" In the spring of the cuckoo's cries, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, high mountain terraces are like colored ladders, and green, pink, and pale blue flowers bloom on the green grass. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies come to dance. The lively river sings songs, and flows happily into the distance. Seeing that spring is so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was so tired that it quietly returned to its nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral dress. \"What's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told Cuckoo: \"Because you diligently call everyone Cuckoo, so Spring Girl and Mother Earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps coming every spring. Call people: \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Hurry Cuckoo!\""}, {"nb": 2401, "data": "Among the many animals, there are four kinds of animals that look like our humans. They are gorillas, orangutans, chimpanzees, and gibbons. Not only do they look like humans, they are smarter than other animals. Therefore, scientists call them apes."}, {"nb": 2402, "data": "Opening up the earth It is said that a long time ago, the heaven and the earth were together. It was endless, and it looked like a big egg. In this \"egg\", Pangu, the ancestor of human beings, was born. One day, Pangu split the \"egg\" with his own axe. In this way, the light object rises into a high blue sky; the heavy one sinks into a vast earth. Pangu was afraid that the world and the world would join together, so he supported the world with his hands and feet. Slowly, the longer and higher the Pangu, the higher and higher the sky, and the thicker the ground. In the end, Pangu spent 18,000 years to complete the mission."}, {"nb": 2403, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 2404, "data": "One day, a pig goes to the stable to visit his good friend, the old horse, and is prepared to stay there overnight. It was dark and it was time to go to sleep. The pig burrowed into the haystack and lay comfortably. However, after a long time, the horse stood still. The pig asked the horse why he didn't sleep yet. The horse replied that it stood asleep even if it stood like this. The pig felt very strange, and said, \"How to stand up and sleep, this is not comfortable at all.\" Ma replied: \"Easy, this is your habit. As a horse, we are used to Mercedes-Benz. So, it is in While sleeping, we are always ready to run. \""}, {"nb": 2405, "data": "It was just dawning, and my mother called me to look up at the clouds in the sky. The clouds in the sky are really beautiful: some are like red flowers, some are like white sheep, and some are like the most powerful elephants."}, {"nb": 2406, "data": "The little monkey rescued the little white rabbit One morning, the little white rabbit planted cabbage in the field. Suddenly, a big fox jumped out from behind the tree and pounced on the little white rabbit, who was so scared that he ran away quickly. The little white rabbit fled up the hillside, and the big fox chased closely behind. With a thump, the little white rabbit fell into the pit. The fox was lying on the edge of the pit with open mouth and drooling, trying to eat the little white rabbit. The little monkey saw it, and it immediately hung upside down on the tree, pulling the little white rabbit out of the big pit. The fox wants to eat the little white rabbit but can't eat it. The little white rabbit was saved."}, {"nb": 2407, "data": "My good friend Recently, my father brought me a good friend. He is not tall, with a square head and a big face. Sitting there quietly, speaking very little. His ability is great! Every day, as soon as I came home, he became my best friend and teacher. We read books, draw pictures, and play games together ... My friend is amazing, he wouldn't be without him. It was right and quick to start the question, and the things I told him would never be forgotten. He can also keep me from going out, knowing everything I want to know. How is it, my good friend is good! Child, do you know who he is?"}, {"nb": 2408, "data": "It was dawn, and the eastern sky revealed the white color of the fish belly. Gradually, the white of the fish belly turned pale red, as if the redness appeared on people's faces after drinking a bit of wine. Then it slowly changed from light red to deep red, and then from deep red to golden color. At this time, the surrounding white clouds seemed to be painted with colorful colors: like golden apples for a while, like purple grapes for a while, and sapphires, pearls, colored jade for a while ... it was truly magnificent and unpredictable."}, {"nb": 2409, "data": "I grew taller, my shoes were smaller, and my pants were shorter. My mother said I was taller, and the whole family clapped and smiled. My feet grow up, people grow taller, and I will go to school tomorrow, so my mother will not give them away."}, {"nb": 2410, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 2411, "data": "Kangaroo and Gold An old kangaroo took its children out. When it was tired to walk and put down the child to rest, he found a pile of gold around him. The old kangaroo looked at Jin Cancan's gold and still put his child in the bag. The grass on the roadside said to the kangaroo: \"Will you not use your sack to fill a bag full of gold?\" \"No.\" The kangaroo said, \"I still want my child. In the mother's heart, I lost Dear relatives, gold is worthless."}, {"nb": 2412, "data": "The tiger is the king of the beasts, but it is afraid of the feces of small birds. As long as it is stained with the feces of small tits, its skin will rot. The wolf is very fierce, but it is afraid of fire and red, and it is more afraid of being beaten in the waist. The bear has great strength, but he is afraid that his nose will be hit. As long as he slams the nose of the bear, he will not be able to move. The crocodile is very fierce, but it is most afraid of yellow. People in the water have to wear yellow clothes, and they dare not get close. No matter what kind of animal, there are its weaknesses, even fierce animals are no exception."}, {"nb": 2413, "data": "Why is morning glory called it morning glory? Does its flower bloom like a trumpet? what ! Lovely morning glory. Facing the first sunshine in the morning, you took out your light blue trumpet and blew up the wake-up call. Call the various flowers and plants in the field to hear, and quickly hurry up. You see, the rice grass in the field gently swayed its waist in the breeze, the iris by the river soaked the dew with green leaves to wash its arms, and the wild rose also opened its petals ... The water lilies in the pond also released the snow-white corolla."}, {"nb": 2414, "data": "Little hand in hand, clap hands, we all have a pair of hands. Wear clothes, buckle up buttons, wash your face, brush your teeth and comb your hair. Do morning exercises, pat the ball, draw and write with small hands. Little hand, little hand, you are my good friend."}, {"nb": 2415, "data": "The water of the lake is green, the lotus leaves are red, and the flowers have died. The lotus is like a shower head in the bathroom. It is not possible to bathe with it. There is a lotus seed sleeping in it, white and fat like peanuts."}, {"nb": 2416, "data": "It's hot, it's hot! It's hot! \"The most difficult time is here. Knowing is on the tree \"knowing-knowing\" \"knowing-screaming\", the voice is deep and slow, and weak. The old people sat under the shade of the trees, closed their brows, and kept shaking their fans, and the sweat kept flowing down. The dog fell in the shade and stretched out his tongue, \"gasping\", \"gasping\" and panting. Willows and poplars are motionless and listless. He Miao groaned weakly in the field: \"Thirsty, thirsty!\" The river that loves to sing and love has lost its murmur, and white smooth pebbles are exposed in some places on the riverbed."}, {"nb": 2417, "data": "Two years ago, my family \u2019s long tail brought back a little bird from the construction site, with a pair of bright, small eyes, towards me, squeaked, squeaked, as if to say, \"Sister, sister.\" This little Bird, my father called it a pulsatilla; its tail is very long, I gave it a name: \"Long tail\". I really like the \"long tail\" and feed it every day to eat millet and green vegetables. \"Long tail.\" I like cleaning very much. I bathe in a small water tank every day. Look, how interesting it looks like taking a bath! The small head stretched into the water tank, and then slammed backwards, and then combed the feathers with its beak, and its wings were still shaking. \"The long tail\" is the closest to me. Whenever I approach the bird cage, it will make a pleasant scream and open its wings to welcome me. \"Long tail\" has been in my house for two years, and white hair has been changed on the top of my head. It grew up with me."}, {"nb": 2418, "data": "Frogs can catch pests and protect crops. Dragonflies can also catch pests and protect crops. Woodpeckers can heal trees. Let the trees grow up quickly. They are all beneficial animals, and we must love them!"}, {"nb": 2419, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 2420, "data": "My little solar system There is a little solar system in my house. Of course, the little sun is mine! Everyone revolves around me. Venus \u2019father was very strict with my study and did not miss a typo; Ms. Mercury cared about me in life, and the weather suddenly became colder. She sent her clothes to school to wear for me; Grandpa Earth is my most respected and feared People, but he can often tell me stories; Grandma Mars loves me most and loves me, she is also my teacher of enlightenment; Grandpa Jupiter picks me up to school in time every day; Grandma Saturn cooks my favorite dishes; Uncle Uranus, Aunt Neptune often buys me food and fun things; the lovely little sister Pluto \u2014 well, my happy little friend. How happy and happy I live in this solar system!"}, {"nb": 2421, "data": "The Kettle I Will Call Today, my mother bought a new kettle. From the appearance, it is the same as the ordinary kettle, but it has an obvious feature-it will be called. When the water boils, it will emit a whistle, as if shouting: \"The water is boiling! The water is boiling!\" \"Why is it called?\" After careful observation, I found a whistle on its lid. When the water boiled, because the lid was tight, the water vapor in the pot could only come out of the whistle, and the whistle rang. I think: This kettle is simple and practical to make, the person who invented it is really clever!"}, {"nb": 2422, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 2423, "data": "Mother Chun came back and brought three mischievous little girls. Girl Lei likes to play with drums, wakes up the sky, wakes up the fields, and wakes up the sleeping mountains and villages. The rain girl likes to sprinkle water to play, washing the green trees, washing the grass, washing the faces of the flowers one by one. The wind girl likes to play with blowing air, blowing the branches softly, blowing the grass, and blowing the spring forward. Ah, spring is back. Mother Chun brought three capable little girls."}, {"nb": 2424, "data": "The night of the square When the night falls and the stars are all over the sky, the beautiful Bigui Square is always lively. On festive nights, the square looks more lively than usual. People took advantage of the \"May 1\" leisure time to come here one after another. The fountain in the center of the square seems to be sprayed higher. Looking at the spring water it sprayed, it was more splendid under the colorful lights. The springs spouted out were various, some resembled fireworks, and sprayed out dense water mist; some resembled water polo, spinning beautiful dances in the air; some resembled meteors, and slowly fell after shooting into the sky . The beautiful fountain is accompanied by the crisp sound of music, so that people can't help but stop to watch."}, {"nb": 2425, "data": "Today is the school's opening day, and the campus is beautifully decorated. Many posters, pictures and calligraphy were posted on the poster boards in the auditorium, all of which were excellent works of the students. The playground, corridors and stairwells are covered with colorful flags. Before the arrival of parents and guests, the teacher said to us: \"Dear students, today is the open day of our school. The school is like a big family, and you are the masters of the family. Today, we invited many guests. Please be polite With a smile on your face, entertain the guests with enthusiasm. \"After listening to the students, they all showed a kind smile and prepared to greet the guests."}, {"nb": 2426, "data": "The two green leaves of mother's spring are the spring of the earth. A group of lively little fish is the spring of the sea. The singing bird is the spring of the forest. I grow up healthily, it is my mother's spring!"}, {"nb": 2427, "data": "On the night of the Lantern Festival, the streets are crowded with lights and lights. There are so many lanterns on the street! Rabbits ran on the ground, pigeons ran on the sky, and the most interesting was the dragon lantern. I saw a long dragon chasing up and down the orb, the scales of the whole body shone with gold, and the dragon's tail kept swinging. The children couldn't help shouting, \"Long is here!\" The singing, laughter, and gongs and drums sounded into a piece of the night sky. Happy people ushered in a spring."}, {"nb": 2428, "data": "It was just dawning, and my mother called me to look up at the clouds in the sky. The clouds in the sky are really beautiful: some are like red flowers, some are like white sheep, and some are like the most powerful elephants."}, {"nb": 2429, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 2430, "data": "Autumn dolls write letters Autumn dolls, kindhearted, picking leaves to write letters busy. To whom, to the wild goose, set off for the south. To whom, to the squirrel, prepare winter food quickly. Write to whom, and give the badger a quick hole to build a new house. Write to whom, give you me, wear more clothes and don't catch cold. Write here, write there, the yellow leaves and red leaves are all written."}, {"nb": 2431, "data": "The lotus leaf wind came, the rain came, and the frogs hid under the lotus leaf. Every frog has a lotus leaf umbrella on its head. The raindrops hit the lotus leaf, and it rattled like a happy drumbeat. The frogs danced happily under the lotus leaf umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. The little fox ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called him: \"Little fox, I lent you this umbrella!\" The little fox raised a lotus leaf umbrella. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. The little fox danced happily under the umbrella with a cheerful rhythm. Two little white rabbits ran across the lotus pond in the rain, and a frog called them: \"Little white rabbit, this umbrella is lent to you!\" Two little white rabbits played with lotus leaf umbrellas. The raindrops hit the lotus leaves, and the tower rang loudly, like a happy drum. Two little white rabbits danced with joyful drums. The enthusiastic and generous frogs also lent lotus leaf umbrellas to chicks, cats and puppies. In the rain, there are small animals with lotus leaf umbrellas everywhere, happy drums everywhere, and happy dances everywhere."}, {"nb": 2432, "data": "One big, one small, one tiger and one cat. One side is more, the other side is less, a group of geese and a bird. Count, count, and remember how big or small you are."}, {"nb": 2433, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 2434, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 2435, "data": "Mother planted a few beads of grapes on the grass in front of the door. A large bunch of agate-like grapes hang under the green leaves, there are red, white, dark red, light red, colorful, beautiful, very beautiful. Dad's face was filled with the joy of a bumper harvest."}, {"nb": 2436, "data": "The fireflies carried the lanterns and looked over here and wandered over there. The twinkling sparks, clusters, clusters ... in the fields, by the road, by the river ... dancing, as if the stars in the sky spilled into the world."}, {"nb": 2437, "data": "The clouds of lightning were hurriedly gathered in the sky square. After a while, a flash of sword flashed; after a while, another sword shadow flew out ... Is this where Lei Gonggong practiced martial arts, or let us watch a movie about fighting in ancient times? The timid Fangfang covered her ears and closed her eyes. What are you afraid of? The teacher did n\u2019t say that the lightning rod on the top of the building is guarding us!"}, {"nb": 2438, "data": "The grapes are grown in terraces on the hillside. The dense branches and leaves spread out in four directions, like setting up a green pergola. In autumn, bunches of grapes hang under bunches of green leaves. There are red, white, purple, dark red, light green, colorful, and beautiful. If you go to the Grape Valley at this time, the hospitable Uighur fellow will surely pick the sweetest grapes and let you eat enough."}, {"nb": 2439, "data": "People say that the big cock in my house is really beautiful. My big cock has a cluster of cockscombs like a burning flame on his head, which looks very nice. It has a short, pointed mouth under its dark, shiny round eyes. The feathers on its body are light yellow, scarlet, and golden yellow."}, {"nb": 2440, "data": "My little goldfish There are two little goldfish in my family. They are golden on their bodies. Two bulging eyes seem to be watching you every moment. They have a fan-like tail, which is always swayed in the water, and a belly like a ball, which eats a lot of food at once. They have a lot of fun in the water. I like them very much. The first thing I do every day when I come back is to feed them."}, {"nb": 2441, "data": "People say that the big cock in my house is really beautiful. My big cock has a cluster of cockscombs like a burning flame on his head, which looks very nice. It has a short, pointed mouth under its dark, shiny round eyes. The feathers on its body are light yellow, scarlet, and golden yellow."}, {"nb": 2442, "data": "Fun toys are in the spacious cabinets, filled with my toys. Bears who can take pictures, foxes driving trains, frogs jumping around, colorful plasticine. After finishing my homework every day, I play with them."}, {"nb": 2443, "data": "Look at the goose, the white goose is coming: Stretching his neck, flapping his wings, squawking, \"white,\" white, only a little yellow dotted on his head and claws, his body is fat and strong, and his long neck supports a small and exquisite head, The small eyes are slick, the flat mouth is always pecking and pecking, cute! I love the white goose, but I hate its domineering. He always relied on his own strength to make his chickens, ducks, dogs and cats at home obedient, but when he was slightly disobedient, he forced him by force. Those chickens, ducks, dogs and cats all became its \"slaves.\" When eating, other \"slave\" can only eat leftovers when its belly is round and its wings flapped away. Every time I saw this situation, I screamed at it angrily: \"You damn slave owner, now what time it is, see that I will not beat you to death.\""}, {"nb": 2444, "data": "Little pigs build new houses Little pigs build new houses, and little cats and puppies come to help. You come to carry, I come to carry, cover the roof and the white wall. Hey, why is this room so bright? Oh, it turned out that there were windows in the wall!"}, {"nb": 2445, "data": "The Little Fox and the Little White Rabbit live on the same hillside as the Little White Rabbit and the Little White Rabbit. Because they are neighbors, the Little White Rabbit and the Little Fox naturally became good friends. But Mother White Rabbit disagrees that Little White Rabbit and Little Fox are friends. She thinks that every fox is a liar. But the little white rabbit knew that the little fox was kind, but his mother also ... In the days near the final exam, the little white rabbit temporarily forgot to play with the little fox because of the need to hurry up the review time. On the day of the final exam, the little white rabbit entered the exam room for the exam. The unexpected is: half an hour has passed, and the little fox has not yet come. At this time, the headmaster of Goat ran and said, \"Little White Rabbit, your house is on fire, please go back home!\" Little White Rabbit hurriedly ran home, when he saw the little fox was carrying White Rabbit mother from the fire Come out ... \"It turns out that the little fox was to save my mother, so he didn't go to the exam!\" Little White Rabbit thought, \"He is really my good friend!\""}, {"nb": 2446, "data": "Little white rabbit Little white rabbit's eyes are red, like two shiny rubies; the ears are long, they will turn; the tail is short, and it is tilted upward. It has short front legs and long hind legs, and it jumps up and down. It is covered with snow-white hair and looks from a distance, like a ball of white fluffy beating, very cute."}, {"nb": 2447, "data": "One day, the careless little monkey listened to the teacher and said, \"The fruit is red and sweet ...\" The little monkey ran out of the classroom and ran out into the field before he finished listening. what ! The apples on the tree were red, so they picked a big bite and ate it. It was so sweet! When he saw that the peach was big and red, he went to pick the peach, which was sweet and quenched his thirst. He thought the teacher was right, red fruits are all sweet. He walked around and saw a piece of hot peppers. The red hot peppers were like small lanterns, which made people love it. The little monkey picked a big red one and put it in his mouth. what ! The little monkey was sweating spicyly. He ran back to school desperately and asked the teacher: \"How come this red fruit is not sweet?\" The teacher said: \"The red ones are not necessarily all sweet. I haven't finished speaking, why did you run away? \"\" The little monkey listened and bowed his head embarrassedly. From then on, the little monkey studied very seriously and became a good student."}, {"nb": 2448, "data": "Winter is here and the little frog is swimming in the small pond. It \u2019s so good to find a companion! The little frog asked the loach: \"Let's play together?\" Said the loach: \"It's getting cold. I'm going to dig into the bed to spend the winter!\" After I finished, I got into the soft river and disappeared. The little frog asked a little carp next to him: \"Let's play together!\" The little carp shook his head and said, \"We all sleep together in winter!\" How should the little frog spend the winter?"}, {"nb": 2449, "data": "Winter Girl came to the park. She saw many people, some were skiing, some were skating, some were playing snowball fights, making snowmen, writing poems and paintings, and taking pictures. They were all fascinated by the beautiful scenery."}, {"nb": 2450, "data": "Light rain, well, it's raining. Light rain polished the highway, light rain polished the roof, light rain also polished my shoes. By the way, it's raining. Light rain polishes the big tree, light rain polishes the big mountain, light rain polishes my umbrella. Light rain is a small brush, light rain is a mirror, light rain is like a nose. Wow, wow, rain grows up."}, {"nb": 2451, "data": "Mother Cloud and Rain Doll Heavenly Cloud Mother, holding the Rain Doll. Rain doll, jump in the air. \"I go to the ground to play! Rain Doll in the sky, leave Mom Yun, jump to the field to change dewdrops, jump to the reservoir to become spray. Mom Yun in the sky, Miss Rain Doll, Father Sun smiled, Rain Doll all went home."}, {"nb": 2452, "data": "Children who count stars at night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child sat in the yard, leaning on her grandmother, raised her head and pointed to the sky to count the stars. One, two, counted to hundreds. The grandmother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and blinking, all eyes are blooming, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, can see You can count them when you see them. The stars are moving, but not turbulent. You see, this star is always so far away from that star. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Child, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but the distance between them seems to be constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa stopped, pointing to the north The sky said, \"Look, the seven stars, connected like a spoon, are called the Big Dipper. The star facing the spoon is the North Star. The Big Dipper always rotates around the North Star.\" Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night, and looked up at the stars several times. He saw clearly, the Big Dipper really turned slowly around the North Star. This child who counts stars is called Zhang Heng, who is from the Han Dynasty. After he grew up, he worked hard on astronomy and became a famous astronomer."}, {"nb": 2453, "data": "Cry when it rains, can you cry when it rains? Yes, because it fell into the tears of a little girl! Why is the little girl crying? Little Rain asked the little girl's tears. \"She is very sad, and her eyes can't see anything!\" The little girl's tears continued to flow out after she finished speaking. \"I can't see anything, and I will cry too!\" Little Yu burst into tears in the little girl's tears. \"Huh? Who is crying?\" The little girl stopped crying and asked. \"I am a little rain!\" Said Xiaoyu, crying, \"because you see nothing, I am sad for you!\" \"Thank you, little rain!\" The little girl smiled, \"I do n\u2019t Cry, do n\u2019t cry! You hear, there are so many little rains laughing, and singing happy songs, why do n\u2019t we laugh! \u201d\u201c Yeah, we should all laugh, we should all be happy \"\" Xiaoyu stopped crying, laughing and singing with the little girl! The little girl \u2019s tears were dry, and the little rain disappeared. She also had a dream, dreaming that she had become a drop of seven-color little rain, and came into the little girl \u2019s eyes, and the little girl saw it with great pleasure. La!"}, {"nb": 2454, "data": "Spring is here, and the warm sunshine shines on the earth. what ! The scenery in spring is indeed beautiful! The little tree was green, the peach blossoms were red, and the willows grew small green leaves. The grass was also drilled out of the ground and the ground was covered with a \"green carpet\". The birds sang freely on the trees, the geese also flew back from the south, the beautiful butterflies were dancing, and the bees were busy gathering honey among the flowers. In the garden, the flowers are in full bloom, the fight is fragrant, the red is like fire, the white is like snow, and the powder is like xia. What a world of flowers. How beautiful is spring!"}, {"nb": 2455, "data": "The scenery of the West Lake is very beautiful all year round. In spring, weeping willow combed her hair by the lake, and the pink peach blossoms were full of branches. In summer, the duckweed is green and the lotus is reflecting the sun. In autumn, sweet-scented osmanthus fragrant, chrysanthemum scrambles. In winter, Lamei opens up against the wind and snow."}, {"nb": 2456, "data": "Sister Hot and Sister Leng, do you know that Hot Sister and Sister Leng live in space? Both of their sisters have a round face. The hot sister's face is red, like a red ball; the cold sister's face is white, like a mirror, reflecting light. They work one during the day and one at night. They are always serving us humans! Do you know who they are? They are the sun and the moon! Do you understand ?"}, {"nb": 2457, "data": "Wise little rabbits used to be, there was a little rabbit, smart and cute. However, the ruthless wolf is bent on killing him. One day, the wolf asked the fox to help, saying, \"You pretend to be dead, I managed to cheat the little rabbit, we get some rabbit meat to eat.\" The fox agreed happily. The wolf came to the little rabbit's house and stood at the door and cried, \"Mr. Rabbit! Mr. Rabbit!\" \"What's the matter?\" The rabbit asked in the room. \"Have you heard about the fox?\" The wolf asked. The rabbit looked up at the wolf: \"What's the matter with the fox?\" The wolf said solemnly: \"Tell you the good news, the fox is dead, it will never lie to you again.\" The little rabbit didn't believe it and went to the fox's house go with. He looked out the window and saw that the fox was lying on the bed with his eyes and mouth closed tightly, as if he were dead. After thinking for a while, the rabbit deliberately put his head into the window and said to himself: \"I heard that the fox is dead, and his mouth is always open. I do n\u2019t think the fox is dead.\" When the fox heard it, he opened his mouth immediately. . The little rabbit knew that the fox was pretending to die, so he shouted, \"Uncle Niu, Uncle Ma, brother Goat, brother Squirrel, guys, come on! The fox is dead, let's throw it into the river!\" The fox was scared! Hurry up and fly away."}, {"nb": 2458, "data": "In some islands in Brazil and the Pacific, a tree that bears \"bread\" grows. The bread tree is more than ten meters high, the trunk is thick, the foliage is lush, and the thick shade is like a natural pergola. Every year from July to November, the tree will bear round fruits. The fruits are big like volleyball and small like tennis. The fruit turns green when tender and turns yellow when ripe. A tree often hangs hundreds of thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread."}, {"nb": 2459, "data": "My puppy must write about our puppy first. It is called \"Prince\". It is the most flowery and most beautiful dog in our village. It is like a naughty boy. It runs especially fast, and I can't keep up with it. But the \"prince\" is very good, it is always waiting for me. The \"prince\" would laugh, but I never saw it cry. I taught it to recognize words, but it did n\u2019t even learn a single letter, but it did love class. When I taught it to read the word \"dog\", it called the most joyful. It must be thinking, this is who it is! The \"prince\" will still count, but in total he will count to two. It also specializes in humming and barking. \"What are you doing?\" I asked it as it hummed in front of me. \"Prince\" \"Wang\"! With a cry, shook his head and said he wanted to go out. \"What else do I want to do now\" When we walked out of the yard, I then asked it. \"The prince\" cried again and ran towards the railway. \"You should finish talking once!\" I was running anxiously while following it, because I wanted to go there too. I even know what the \"prince\" wants to do there. It likes to run with the train. Every time it loses, it never cares. Whenever a new train comes, the \"prince\" thinks he can beat it. When it stopped running, it barked a few times. I don't know if it allowed the train to go, or I scolded the train for a meal. I can't tell the difference."}, {"nb": 2460, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 2461, "data": "A small ship with a small moon in a small boat. The little boat has pointed ends. I sat in a small boat, and I only saw the shining stars and the blue sky."}, {"nb": 2462, "data": "The country is the world of trees. On both sides of the road are tall sycamores. The sycamore branches are connected to the branches, and the leaves are covered with leaves, like a green corridor. On both sides of the small river are weeping willows in rows. The wicker is thin, the willow is green. On the hillside, the pine and cypress trees are tall and upright, with lush foliage. Fruit trees are planted around the farmyards: plums, peach trees, plum trees, apricot trees ... Late spring and early summer, all kinds of fruit trees spread their leaves and grow lush, the farmhouses are hidden in the dense greenery in."}, {"nb": 2463, "data": "The wonderful starry sky and the quiet night sky look very common, but as long as you observe carefully, you can discover many mysteries. I found that the stars are divided into groups. Some are like a reversed \"2\", some are like a pegasus, and some are like a violin. Recently, I have also met the \"Mom\" of \"Little Bear Constellation\"-\"Big Bear Constellation\". She is composed of seven stars, like a spoon, and there is a bright star on the handle of the spoon, which is Polaris. How wonderful is the starry sky."}, {"nb": 2464, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 2465, "data": "The technology of soilless culture is also remarkable. Scientists and technicians dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water. On the way home, I couldn't help thinking: With advanced science and technology, the changes in agriculture are really big!"}, {"nb": 2466, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 2467, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 2468, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 2469, "data": "what ! Evening glow, how beautiful, it was like a galloping horse in Mercedes for a while, roaring like a lion for a while, blooming like blossoming flowers for a while ... I looked at it, and my body felt light, as if I had become a sunset. After a while, a ray of ray of light came, and the evening glow shone brilliantly. I opened my eyes slightly, and seven colors of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple suddenly appeared in front of me. My body seemed to be surrounded by colors."}, {"nb": 2470, "data": "A glorious list was hung next to the rice field catcher, which said: \"The insect catcher: frog, toad.\" The frog became angry at first glance: \"Isn't the toad the toad that the children hate? Is it an insect catcher.\" Evening The frog found Uncle Niu and said, \"Uncle Niu, you are at the edge of the field all day, who said you can catch insects? Why is the toad on the honor list also an expert in catching insects? I work hard every day to catch insects, I have never seen that ugly Guy. \"Uncle Niu said with a smile;\" You catch insects during the day, who will take over at night, you know? \"At this time, a toad jumped out of the grass. Uncle Niu said, \"Look, it's coming to the night shift!\" Toad began to catch insects, one after another. At first glance, the frog understood that he had blamed the toad by mistake, and the frog lowered his head embarrassedly."}, {"nb": 2471, "data": "My cute little cat has a little cat. The little cats have small ears standing upright, and their eyes are round and round. It has eight beards by its mouth, which are thin, long, and hard. I know that it is used to measure the size of the hole in the mouse. The little flower cat is covered with yellow and black patterns all over its body. Only four paws are white, and there are five small paws like fish hooks. There is no sound when walking. It also has a long tail that always swings back and forth. During the day, the little cat always likes to sleep, and keeps snoring in his mouth. Once in the evening, it walked around here, and looked there, as if it was scouting for mouse activity. I really like this cute little cat."}, {"nb": 2472, "data": "The cradle of the caterpillar is leaves, and the love nest of butterflies is petals. The singing birds have a comfortable nest, hard-working bees, live in beautiful big dormitory, in the clear river, swim fish and shrimp, the green big field is the home of dragonflies. The poor wind has no home, so it runs around and can't find a place to rest. The drifting cloud is also homeless, and as soon as the sky is overcast, it shed tears anxiously. We are the happiest! As soon as we were born, Mom and Dad were ready to go home, let us grow up safely at home."}, {"nb": 2473, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 2474, "data": "I like rain. The rain in spring germinated the seeds, and a piece of pink willow green on the earth. The rain in summer bathes the earth, and people feel very cool. The rain in autumn put the golden coat on the earth, and the earth was harvested. However, yesterday's rain was terrible, just like someone in the sky poured down pot after pot of water, washed down the road, and washed the crops. Rain brings many benefits to people, and sometimes brings disasters to people."}, {"nb": 2475, "data": "On the day the baby monkey celebrates his birthday, the baby monkey celebrates his birthday. Neighbors sent gifts to congratulate the monkey on his birthday. The silkworm girl brought her clothes made of silk. The monkey said: \"Thank you!\" The bee brought a bottle of honey that he brewed. The monkey said: \"Thank you! \"The mouse sent a stolen basket of peaches, and the little monkey said,\" I like to eat peaches the most, but I don't accept your gifts. \"The mouse walked away."}, {"nb": 2476, "data": "The woodpecker and the tree were on the green grass, and a big tree cried out loudly: \"Don't move me! Don't move me! I'm hurt!\" \"Mr. Tree, you are sick, I'm catching insects for you! Said the Woodpecker sincerely. \"It's an insult! I'm so young and strong, where are the bugs? I know, this is just an excuse to hit me and hurt me. Warn you, don't play tricks in front of me, get away!\" The tree roared angrily . The woodpecker flew away embarrassedly. Since then, no woodpecker is willing to help this tree pecker. A few years later, there were more insects in the tree, and this \"young and strong\" tree finally turned into empty waste in the belly."}, {"nb": 2477, "data": "In the winter morning, two little rabbits were playing on the hillside. Suddenly, an eagle flew, and the little white rabbit shouted, \"Hurry up! The little grey rabbit said,\" Where is there a hole? \"The little white rabbit said,\" Hurry up and hide in the rock pile! After talking, the little white rabbit ran into the snow under the mountain. The eagle flew, went around in the sky a few times, and found nothing, and flew away."}, {"nb": 2478, "data": "Dandelion's umbrella Dandelion is as white as snowflakes and as light as cotton wool. How beautiful it is, your little flying umbrella! Alas, it is a pity that your umbrella is too small. Otherwise, you can take me, take my little deer, fly, fly, fly over wide rivers, fly over high mountains, fly to grandma's house, and have a happy Sunday!"}, {"nb": 2479, "data": "Small saplings, lined up, greening the motherland is busy. Walk to both sides of the road station and hold a green umbrella on the street. Walk to the wind outlet of the field station to block the sand and ensure a good harvest. When we walked to the desert and stood firm, the desert was green and green. When I walked to the barren hill and settled down, I was wearing green clothes."}, {"nb": 2480, "data": "My good friend Recently, my father brought me a good friend. He is not tall, with a square head and a big face. Sitting there quietly, speaking very little. His ability is great! Every day, as soon as I came home, he became my best friend and teacher. We read books, draw pictures, and play games together ... My friend is amazing, he wouldn't be without him. It was right and quick to start the question, and the things I told him would never be forgotten. He can also keep me from going out, knowing everything I want to know. How is it, my good friend is good! Child, do you know who he is?"}, {"nb": 2481, "data": "A little bean leaf is like a little stage. A little grasshopper called on the bean leaf. Woke up a little beetle, called a small dragonfly; called a red apple, called a sweet pear. On a small stage, the grasshopper is so good. It gives a golden autumn, a lively piece!"}, {"nb": 2482, "data": "To Lige Grape Rack, Apple Orchard, Li Ku is sweet to melon. The wind learns, the rain lingers, and the north faces the south."}, {"nb": 2483, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 2484, "data": "There is such a little bear on a small desert island. The bear feels lonely and sleeps every day dreaming of playing with many friends. When the bear saw a cloud floating in the sky, he quickly asked, \"Cloud, cloud, how can I find a friend?\" Yuner didn't speak, and floated to a tree. The little bear understood that he planted and planted many small saplings on the island. In one or two years, the young saplings grew up, the mountains and the wild, and the green leaves became overcast. A little bird flew: \"Ah, it's so nice here! I'll live here!\" Many birds flew, and all lived here. In the distance, the little deer, the little elephant, the little monkey, all came in a row boat: \"Ah, it's nice here! Let's live here!\" The little bear was very happy and kept saying: \"Welcome you !welcome!\""}, {"nb": 2485, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 2486, "data": "The dawn is not yet bright, the ground is still awake, and the moon and stars here have not yet gone down. Dawn put on new clothes and walked out of the house with joy. The laughter awakened the sky, awakened the earth, the moon fell, the stars were gone, the sun rose, the dawn brought the morning glow, and floated to another heaven and earth."}, {"nb": 2487, "data": "The little tree came over winter and winter, and the northwest wind was blowing. We put on cotton clothes. Dad said: \"We are cold. The little tree is cold. We should help the little tree to survive the winter safely.\" As Dad brought the straw and rope, I quickly followed Dad to the little tree. We first wrapped the trunk of the small tree with straw, and then carefully tied it one by one with rope. Looking at the little tree in front of me, I said happily: \"When the little tree puts on the winter coat, it is not afraid of the wind, rain and snow.\""}, {"nb": 2488, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 2489, "data": "The snowman stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, the little cat and the little dog came, and said to the snowman: \"We are looking for spring, and when we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, they saw a bush of wildflowers, and the puppy picked one. They walked and saw a row of sprouting willow branches, and the puppy folded a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a group of little tadpoles, the kitten grabbed a bottle. They brought gifts to the snowman, but the snowman was gone."}, {"nb": 2490, "data": "The lovely little goldfish mother bought three lovely little goldfish for me today. The three goldfish have different colors. One is black, with two eyes bulging, like two small balls. One is red. Its mouth is round like the letter O in our pinyin. It likes to spit out white bubbles. There is also a colorful one, which is the most naughty, and it always swims first when it is fed with feed. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find out more secrets about them."}, {"nb": 2491, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 2492, "data": "Binghua Binghua is so beautiful! It is like large leaves, like tender grass, like plump peony, bunches, blossoming, bright, white. The child asked her mother: \"Where did this flower come from?\" The mother smiled and said, \"It was given to you by Grandpa Dong while you were sleeping.\""}, {"nb": 2493, "data": "The shadow is in the front and the shadow is in the back. The shadow often follows me like a little black dog. The shadow is on the left and the shadow is on the right. The shadow is always with me. It is my good friend."}, {"nb": 2494, "data": "The lovely little goldfish mother bought three lovely little goldfish for me today. The three goldfish have different colors. One is black, with two eyes bulging, like two small balls. One is red. Its mouth is round like the letter O in our pinyin. It likes to spit out white bubbles. There is also a colorful one, which is the most naughty, and it always swims first when it is fed with feed. I really like these little goldfishes. I must raise these goldfishes and find out more secrets about them."}, {"nb": 2495, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 2496, "data": "The little frog is called quack, the duck quacks, the cock croaks, and the croak returns to Chunxiao, and the sheep looks for his mother. Bees humming flowers, hens clucking dolls, twittering magpies, and Mimi meowing, who is coming?"}, {"nb": 2497, "data": "Spring girl Spring girl is here. Where did she come from? She came from the south. The good news was that the swallow told me. What does she look like? She is a little girl who looks prettier than me, her eyes are watery, and a braid is so long! She had two bare feet and her trousers were on her knees; on her arm was a big willow basket. Everyone will be happy when she sees her; anyone will be happy when she hears her singing. In her big willow basket, filled with red flowers, green grass, and golden seeds."}, {"nb": 2498, "data": "There is a little tiger in the forest than before, he thinks he is the king of the forest, he has the greatest ability, and he is proud all day long. The ostrich said dissatisfiedly: \"Let's run than run.\" I saw the ostrich running towards the finish like an arrow. The little ostrich won in the cry of the little animals. The little tiger touched his head, and he could not believe that this was true. At this moment, the little monkey climbed down from the tree and said, \"Let's compare it to climbing a tree?\" In the cheering of the little animals, the little monkey climbed to the tree quickly. It also mischievously grimaced at the little tiger under the tree. The little tiger said angrily: \"We are better than running and climbing trees, it is better than swimming.\" The animals came to the river, and the little fish said: \"Let me compare with you.\" He lowered his head, sneaked away, and the animals smiled happily."}, {"nb": 2499, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 2500, "data": "Swift one day, Swift was chasing the pest, Peacock stopped it and shouted at it, proudly said: \"Hey! See how beautiful my clothes are, but your clothes are not beautiful at all.\" Swift hummed and replied : \"I can eat five or six thousand pests a day, you, only show yourself when there are many people.\" Peacock listened and walked away with blushing."}, {"nb": 2501, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 2502, "data": "On the night of the Lantern Festival, the streets are crowded with lights and lights. There are so many lanterns on the street! Rabbits ran on the ground, pigeons ran on the sky, and the most interesting was the dragon lantern. I saw a long dragon chasing up and down the orb, the scales of the whole body shone with gold, and the dragon's tail kept swinging. The children couldn't help shouting, \"Long is here!\" The singing, laughter, and gongs and drums sounded into a piece of the night sky. Happy people ushered in a spring."}, {"nb": 2503, "data": "Whispering to flowers When the snow and ice just started to melt, the stream is already full of flowers. At this time, I like to come to the creek with a small flower basket. Smell the flower, smell the flower, and I whisper to the flowers. Hello, Camellia! You said, your little face, was frozen red on that frosting night? Or did you wake up early to greet the sun, and Xia Xia kissed you, were you shy? Camellia, do n\u2019t just laugh, you tell me your secret! Hello, azalea! Hello, smiling flowers! What is your happy event? Why are you so happy? Yo, you have sent a fragrant and colorful invitation letter. Your guests, bees and butterflies, are coming. No wonder you are so busy, no wonder you are so happy! Tell me, the flowers of Wanhuaxi, why do you have so many colors? Blue, red, yellow, white, purple ... You have dressed up a stream with fragrance, and you put a lace on our village. See, you laugh back and forth, how happy you are. You like a variety of colors, you like to have a variety of flowers. Yo, flowers, tell me, are you children of Mother Earth? Just like our little doll, it is mother's child, mother's flower. I think you must be children of Mother Earth. Only Mother Earth has so many, so beautiful children!"}, {"nb": 2504, "data": "My family has a group of pigeons. They have white feathers, pointed claws, round eyes, and red mouths. When flying, they spread their fan-shaped tails, spread their large wings, and hovered in the air."}, {"nb": 2505, "data": "When the seasons song arrives in spring, the magpie cries, and the peach blossoms are so lively. When summer arrives, I know it, and the lotus smiles. When autumn comes, the geese call, the sweet-scented osmanthus chrysanthemum fragrance. When winter comes, the north wind cries, and the red plum is pretty in the snow."}, {"nb": 2506, "data": "Man has two treasures, his hands and his brain. The hands will work, and the brain will think. With hands and no brains, things can't be done well. You can't do anything with your brain and hands. Only by using your hands and your brains can you be creative. All creation depends on labor, and labor requires hands and brain."}, {"nb": 2507, "data": "The crow no longer fell in. The crow fell on a tree. The fox came under the tree and said, \"Hello, my friend.\" \"Thank you.\" Said the crow. The fox pretended not to hear and said, \"I didn't hear, you flew to the grass.\" The crow said: \"I'm afraid to go to the grass.\" The fox said, \"Are you afraid of me?\" The crow said: \"I'm not afraid of you, me Fear of the dog coming. \"The fox ran away as soon as he heard the dog."}, {"nb": 2508, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 2509, "data": "Watching animals and understanding the weather and weather changes directly affects the lives of animals. Some small animals can feel the weather change and make preparations in advance. The ants moved and the heavy rain blew. Before the heavy rain, due to the increased humidity in the air, the amount of moisture absorbed by the soil increased a lot, so the ant nests built in the soil became damp. In order to avoid flooding, ants often move before heavy rain. The bees came out of the nest and the weather was fine. After a long rain, the air pressure began to rise, the humidity in the air gradually decreased, pollen appeared in the stamen of the plant, and bees went out to collect nectar."}, {"nb": 2510, "data": "Dishwashing Tonight, after eating, I said to my mother: \"Please rest, let me wash the dishes.\" Mother said cheerfully, \"Can you do it?\" I said, \"Let me try it!\" Happily agreed. So I stacked the bowls and plates together and brought them to the kitchen, where they were next to the sink. I first put hot water in the sink, and then a few drops of dishwashing liquid, and then I washed the dishes carefully. I took the dish towel in my right hand, and I took the dish in my left hand. I wiped it hard with the dishcloth. I wiped the inside and the outside until I wiped it clean. After washing one, I set it aside and started washing the second and third ... until the washing was finished. Then I put the bowls under the faucet and washed each bowl cleanly. Finally I put the bowl neatly in the cabinet. After all was completed, I happily said to my mother: \"I have completed the task, please check.\" My mother checked it and said happily, \"Baby, you are really capable!\""}, {"nb": 2511, "data": "When it rains, the little white rabbit gathers mushrooms on the grass and has a good time. Suddenly, the wind blew and the rain started. The little white rabbit hurriedly picked a large tree leaf and placed it on the head as an umbrella, but the rain would not rain. Suddenly, it saw a chick drenched. \"Chicks, come under the leaves!\" So the chicks and the little white rabbit walked forward with the big leaves. They saw the kitten meowing again in the rain. \"Little cats, come under the leaves!\" So the three of them hid under the big leaves. The rain stopped, and they played happily together."}, {"nb": 2512, "data": "In the summer afternoon, a thunderstorm passed. The mountains, the trees, seem to have taken a bath. The rice, the corn, are full. Look, the sun is out. A beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, purple. Who flew into the blue sky and painted this colorful bridge?"}, {"nb": 2513, "data": "Girl Qiu flew into the garden with pride, and said to many flowers: \"Your flowering season is over. I want to take back the beautiful colors on you to dress up my friend's chrysanthemum.\" So, all kinds of chrysanthemums bloom in the garden Yes, there are yellows, there are whites ... The autumn girl came to the grass happily and said to the grass: \"You should also change your clothes, lend me your green shirt, I want to put on my cypress friends The wind is cold. \"So the grass was yellow and the cypresses on the campus and the road were greener. The autumn girl came to the animal park lightly and urged the little swallows and geese to say, \"Hurry up and prepare, go to the south!\" So, the little swallows and geese flew in the blue sky."}, {"nb": 2514, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest sent me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, that is a piece of white cloud. The blue sky calls me to use Baiyun as a wing, into a flying white dove ... the sea gives me a blue greeting card, it is a blue shell. The sea asked me to turn the shell into a small boat, face the wind and waves, and harvest the treasure ... The sun gave me a red greeting card, which was the glow of red glow. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland!"}, {"nb": 2515, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see the animals. The zoo is really lively, with all kinds of animals. The naughty monkey is swinging on the big tree. The monkey was naughty and jumped around, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, sea lions are performing heading, and from time to time there are applause from tourists. On the blue lake surface, two white swans are plucking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the bird flapped its wings and flew freely."}, {"nb": 2516, "data": "There are three little goldfish that are very beautiful. They think it is very boring to swim in the water every day. So, they decided to learn a little. A small goldfish with blistering eyes decided to build a house with hermit crab. At first, it was careless. Later, it was bitten by a hermit crab and learned a lesson before it began to build a house seriously. The second red-tailed fish saw \"scavenger\" (a nickname for a fish) cleaning the environment, and felt that it was glorious to create a beautiful environment for everyone, so he decided to learn this line. At first it was learned very seriously, but it didn't take long to get bored. It said, \"I can't stand the backache every day after cleaning the environment.\" In the end, I could only give up halfway. Article 3: The naughty little goldfish learns to swim with the swordfish. When the swordfish just talked about the essentials of learning to swim, it swam away impatiently, thinking to myself: I have learned these things long before, and there is nothing to learn. A month later, the blister-eyed little goldfish learned something, while the other two little goldfish could only swim around without success."}, {"nb": 2517, "data": "It took one year for Russian writer Gorky to recuperate on an island in Italy. His ten-year-old son followed his mother to visit his father. The son planted many flowers in the yard where his father lived. Soon, he followed his mother back home. In spring, the flowers germinate and grow leaves, and soon the flowers are all blooming. Gorky looked at the blooming flowers under the window, and was very happy. He wrote a letter to his son, which means something like this: You left, but the flowers you planted stayed. Looking at them, I thought in my heart: My good son left a beautiful thing on the island-flowers. If you leave people with beautiful things no matter when and where, like flowers, good thoughts, and very good memories of you, how happy your life should be! At that time, you will feel that all people need you. You know, \"giving\" is always more enjoyable than \"taking\"."}, {"nb": 2518, "data": "Now, I have a Coke and help the adults to hold the osmanthus tree and shake it vigorously. Shake, shake, osmanthus falls down one after another, we are all covered with osmanthus. I shouted: \"Ah! It really looks like rain, so sweet rain!\""}, {"nb": 2519, "data": "The wind blew slightly, and a drizzle of hair fell from the sky. Thousands of soft willows stretched out their yellow and tender dresses, red, yellow, white flowers, green grass, and green leaves, all gathered together like a rush."}, {"nb": 2520, "data": "The bear met the younger sister on the bridge. It carried the younger sister across the bridge. The bear met the father-in-law on the bridge, and he helped the father-in-law across the bridge. The little bear met the little deer on the bridge, he quickly got down, and let the little deer jump over from it."}, {"nb": 2521, "data": "Small train, small train, woo. Take your baby to Qinghai quickly. There is my father in Qinghai, and the development of the west is more glorious! Paving railways, building bridges, building tall buildings, and planting green grass. Dad's skill is really big, I am thumbs up to Dad!"}, {"nb": 2522, "data": "The unhappy Persian cat (new edition) has a Persian cat, never knowing the taste of happiness, and decided to ask others. He asked the little snake: \"You crawl around the tree trunk every day, must you find something happy?\" The little snake said, \"The swing is the happiest!\" The Persian cat thought: \"What is so great about swinging, the master swings for me, put I \u2019m all flying, what kind of happiness is it? \u201dHe asked the dog:\u201c You often hunt with hunters, do you know what happiness is? \u201dThe dog said,\u201c The happiest to eat bones! \u201d\u201c Huh! What is so great about bones? The master chewed my bones and broke my teeth. Is this also happy? \"The Persian cat was very disappointed and sighed while walking with his tail:\" Ah! Where can I find happiness? \""}, {"nb": 2523, "data": "Wealth, happiness, and love live in a small village with a poor farmer. He lived in a small hut with his wife and daughter, but he was also self-sufficient. At noon one day, there was a knock on the door outside the door. The farmer opened the door and saw that there were three old men standing outside the door. The farmers quickly invited them in. But none of them went in. One of the old people said, \"I am happy, the person on my left is wealth, and the person on the right is love. You can choose a person to enter. This person can make you like him. For example, if you invite wealth to come in, you will spend nothing. The finished money. \"The farmer called his wife and daughter, and they discussed together: The farmer said:\" Should be pleased to come in. We are often troubled now. \"The farmer's wife said:\" We should invite wealth to come in, we are too poor \"The farmer's daughter said:\" Mom and dad, we should invite love to come in. Without love, we will not be together for so many years. It is love that supports our family! \"Farmer and farmer's wife said:\" The daughter is right. We invite love to come in. \"So, they said to love:\" We decided. Please come in. \"So, love was invited into the hut. However, the two old people, wealth and happiness, followed. The farmer was puzzled and asked, \"Two, I only invite love to come in! How can you ...?\" Said wealth and happiness: \"where there is love, there is wealth and happiness.\""}, {"nb": 2524, "data": "In the winter of Mi Jia's diary, Mi Jia slid down the hillside on a sleigh and went skating on the river with his friends. He happily wrote a diary: \"Winter is really interesting. I hope it will always be winter.\" Spring is here. Mijia looks at the flowers on the green grass and chases the butterflies. He happily wrote a diary: \"Spring is beautiful, I hope it will always be spring.\" When summer comes, Mi Jia catches small fish, gathers wild fruits, and turns over under the shade of the trees. He happily wrote a diary: \"Summer is really happy, I hope it will always be summer.\" In autumn, the orchards in the orchard are red and bright, and the pears are yellow and clear. Mi Jia wrote a diary with satisfaction: \"Autumn is so lovely. I hope it will always be autumn.\""}, {"nb": 2525, "data": "The color of spring rain Spring rain, fall down! The sweet spring rain fell under the fragrant spring breeze-the soil was wet and oily and black; the blades of grass were wet and tender and green; the petals were wet and fiery and red ... what color is the spring rain? ? The soil particles say: it's black; the blades of grass say: it's green; the petals say: it's red ... Huh? What color is Spring Rain?"}, {"nb": 2526, "data": "Once, when I admired the coin, I saw three Chinese characters \"Japan\" on the Japanese coin. I didn't understand why Japan also used Chinese characters, so I asked my father. My dad said: \"During the Tang Dynasty, we had cultural exchanges with Japan. At that time, Japan had no native scripts. When we saw the beautiful Chinese scripts, we borrowed some of the Chinese characters and created our own scripts. Until now, there are thousands Ten thousand Chinese characters are used in Japan. \""}, {"nb": 2527, "data": "In the past, the fox had two pairs of twins, big fat and small fat. They are always arguing all day long. One day, on the way to grandma's house, they found a piece of bread. They were afraid that the other party would eat more, so they kept arguing. A fox came, and it said: \"I'll share it, it's absolutely fair.\" It first divides the bread into one big and one small, and the big fat little fat said: \"Not fair.\" The fox said: \"This is not easy to do \"The fox took a bite of the big one, and the big one became small. Big fat and little fat still feel unfair, and the fox bites the bigger one again. In this way, the fox bites around, and in the end, the bread is almost completely eaten by the fox. The fox slipped away quietly taking advantage of the stunned effort of the brothers. Only then did the two brothers realize that they were fooled by the cunning fox and regretted it."}, {"nb": 2528, "data": "spring is coming ! The tender green wicker swayed gently against the warm spring breeze. The green lawn seems to lay a soft carpet on the ground. The flowers bloomed, with golden spring flowers, pink peach flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and purple lilac flowers. It is really a season full of purple and red!"}, {"nb": 2529, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 2530, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 2531, "data": "It \u2019s raining, it \u2019s raining! Raindrops, rustle ... the raindrops fell on the peach tree, and the peach tree was happy to have red flowers. The rain fell on the pear tree, and the pear tree was happy to have white flowers. The rain fell on the willow, and the willow spit green buds with joy. The rain fell on the field, and the seeds were happy to pour their mouths. The raindrops fell in the stream, and the frog was croaking with joy. Light rain, rustle, decorate the picturesque spring."}, {"nb": 2532, "data": "There are many flowers in front of the school. There is a string of red with fiery red, golden yellow sun, purple morning glory, and snow-white calla lily. The bursts of flowers attracted bees and butterflies to dance among the flowers."}, {"nb": 2533, "data": "\"Jimmy\" \"I like to take a walk. After dinner every day, I love to walk around the door. At every recent walk, I always see a white dog with a white coat. I often hear its owner call it\" Jimmy. \" Little \"Jimmy\" has aura, every time I see me, I always look excited, as if I see an old friend, naughtily wandering around me, and often raising my front paws to greet me. As long as I squatted down and gently stroked its soft hair, it would lie there motionlessly, so gentle. Little \"Jimmy\" jumped immediately when he heard the master's shout, and returned to the master obediently. I have always liked dogs, but since I met Little Jimmy, I really want to have a little dog like this too!"}, {"nb": 2534, "data": "It's snowing, and it's snowing again! It snowed. The snow covered the wheat with a quilt. It snowed, and the snow covered the ground with a silver carpet. It was snowing, and the snow put a padded jacket on the branch. It snowed, and the snow put a hat on the house. It snowed, and the snow replaced a flower, a grass, and a tree with a winter coat. There was little snow, and the snow put a coat on the school playground. Maizi laughed, the earth laughed, the branches laughed, the house laughed, the flowers and trees laughed, and the playground laughed ..."}, {"nb": 2535, "data": "Steam juggling steam children, go to heaven to play. Spring becomes rain, ticking ticking. Summer turns into fog, like a piece of yarn. Autumn turns into frost, and the ground is sprinkled with salt flowers. Winter turns into snow, and the earth wears white gowns."}, {"nb": 2536, "data": "The scenery in the park is really beautiful. Today, the sun is shining brightly, and there are several white clouds floating in the blue sky. I and my mother and father rowed a boat in the lake of the park. The scenery in the park is so beautiful! There is a small bridge in the distance. At the end of the small bridge is a pavilion. The pavilion is filled with adults and children, and the surroundings are full of colorful flowers. The lawn by the lake is also very lively. Birds sing tactful songs on the trees. A group of children are playing the game of eagles and chicks under the big tree. There is also a beautiful big rooster striding forward bravely . On the lake is a group of beautiful white swans. They are playing and playing happily ... The scenery in the park is so beautiful! Sitting in the bow of the boat, I couldn't help singing loudly. My father and mother sang softly with me while rowing: \"Today's weather is fine and sunny, with good scenery everywhere, good scenery ...\""}, {"nb": 2537, "data": "I am a seed. When spring comes, I will germinate. Thank you for the sun and rain, they helped me grow up. Now, I have grown very tall. In the fall, I will bear the fat fruit, and the farmers are glad to see it!"}, {"nb": 2538, "data": "There are many rare animals in China, and the most lovely ones are giant pandas. The panda's body is chubby, its tail is short, its fur is smooth, its head and body are white, and its limbs are black. It has a pair of furry black ears on its head and two round dark circles. When pandas are small, they are very lively and like to climb up and down. When I grow up, I don't like much activities. I often hold my head in my paws and sleep a lot. If you go to tease it, it will open its eyes and take a look, and then fall asleep again. Sometimes it swings its chubby body, walking around to find something to eat. Giant pandas like to eat fresh bamboo leaves and bamboo shoots. You see, it embraces bamboo, and it tastes delicious."}, {"nb": 2539, "data": "Today, my mother took me to the vegetable market to buy vegetables. As soon as we walked in, I saw many vegetables. There are white radishes, red tomatoes, green lentils, green peppers."}, {"nb": 2540, "data": "The osmanthus tree is not as tall as the plane tree, nor as short as the boxwood tree. It stands upright, green all year round, and looks from a distance, like a big green umbrella."}, {"nb": 2541, "data": "The story of Mrs. Curie when she was a child More than 100 years ago, there was a little girl named Maria in Poland who was very attentive in her studies. No matter how noisy is around, she can't distract her. Once, Maria was doing her homework. Her sister and classmates sang, danced, and played games in front of her. As if she hadn't seen it, Maria read the book intently on the side. My sister and classmates want to try her out. They quietly put up a few stools behind Maria, as long as Maria moved, the stool would fall down. Time passed by one minute and one second. Maria had finished reading a book, and the stool was still standing there. Since then, my sister and classmates no longer tease her, and like Maria, she concentrates on studying and studying hard. When Maria grew up, she became a great scientist. She is Mrs. Curie."}, {"nb": 2542, "data": "The lovely autumn doll, the autumn doll is waving with colored pens. It draws naughtily and the earth changes its color magically. One by one the leaves were yellow and the fruits were ripe. A piece of rice is golden, and the colorful autumn chrysanthemums make me laugh. Qiuhua, stay here for a while, okay? I want to keep these wonderful scenes forever. But it was too late because Sister Dong was coming soon. So, goodbye, Qiuhua, let's meet again next year!"}, {"nb": 2543, "data": "The countless raindrops fell from the clouds. In the air, the heavy rain asked the little rain: \"Where are you going?\" The little rain answered: \"I'm going to the place with flowers and grass. What about you?\" The heavy rain said: \"I'm going to have no flowers Where there is no grass. \"Soon, where there are flowers and grass, the flowers are redder and the grass is greener. Where there are no flowers and no grass, red flowers and green grass grow."}, {"nb": 2544, "data": "Duck fishing one evening, I came to the lake and saw a large group of wild ducks in the lake. Unfortunately, I didn't have bullets. Suddenly, I remembered that there was a small lard lump left in my hunting bag. I immediately pulled out the lard and quickly tied it to a long, thin rope, and then threw the rope into the water. The wild duck saw the lard and swam over immediately. A greedy wild duck swallowed lard. Because lard is slippery, it passes through the duck's intestine very quickly after it enters the duck's mouth and slips out of the duck's ass! In this way, the wild duck was put on my rope. At this time, the wild ducks came over and swallowed this lard one by one, and they were put on my rope one by one, and within 10 minutes, all the ducks were like beads Put it on. I dragged the wild ducks home, and after only a few steps, I was very tired. Suddenly, the wild ducks flew up and took me to the sky. Without any hassle, I made a rudder with my coat and directed the ducks to fly to my house."}, {"nb": 2545, "data": "The vegetables in the vegetable garden have grown up. Mother Bear took the bear to collect the vegetables. They walked into the turnip field, and Mother Bear pulled out a big turnip. The bear will eat the leaves of the radish. Mother Bear said: Don't eat the leaves, eat the roots. Remember, the roots of radish are the most delicious. They walked into the cabbage field, and Mother Bear pulled out a cabbage. The bear will eat the roots of cabbage. Mother Bear said: Remember, the roots of cabbage are not delicious, but the leaves are delicious! They walked into the tomato field, and the bear wanted to eat the leaves of the tomato. Mother Bear said, \"Remember, you can't eat the leaves of a tomato. You must eat its fruits.\" The bear said to his mother: Mother, I am so happy to learn so much knowledge today!"}, {"nb": 2546, "data": "Because of the rain, the grass is greener; because of the sunlight, the flowers are redder; because of the white clouds, the sky is bluer; because of the autumn wind, the earth turns yellow."}, {"nb": 2547, "data": "The Little Fox and the Little White Rabbit live on the same hillside as the Little White Rabbit and the Little White Rabbit. Because they are neighbors, the Little White Rabbit and the Little Fox naturally became good friends. But Mother White Rabbit disagrees that Little White Rabbit and Little Fox are friends. She thinks that every fox is a liar. But the little white rabbit knew that the little fox was kind, but his mother also ... In the days near the final exam, the little white rabbit temporarily forgot to play with the little fox because of the need to hurry up the review time. On the day of the final exam, the little white rabbit entered the exam room for the exam. The unexpected is: half an hour has passed, and the little fox has not yet come. At this time, the headmaster of Goat ran and said, \"Little White Rabbit, your house is on fire, please go back home!\" Little White Rabbit hurriedly ran home, when he saw the little fox was carrying White Rabbit mother from the fire Come out ... \"It turns out that the little fox was to save my mother, so he didn't go to the exam!\" Little White Rabbit thought, \"He is really my good friend!\""}, {"nb": 2548, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 2549, "data": "The little crab on the beach practises writing on the beach by the sea. He writes and writes, the words become crooked. Uncle Ocean Wave rushed over and hurriedly erased his character. The little crab writes again. Writing, writing, the words have become crooked again. Uncle Hailang came to help him erase the words again. The little crab was not discouraged. He suffocated and began to write again. This time he was a little slower, but he was very careful. This line of words was one after another, and he was written neatly and correctly. Mother Seagull flying by the sea said to her little seagulls: \"Look, how beautiful the words of the little crab are!\" \"Mom, what is he writing?\" Asked the little seagulls. \"What he wrote is: A good boy is not afraid of difficulty.\" Mother Seagull said. This time, Uncle Ocean Wave never washed the word away, but left the word on the beach."}, {"nb": 2550, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 2551, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 2552, "data": "Suddenly there was a lot of noise in the quiet courtyard of the snow, and the children seized the great opportunity to play happily. The little guy who was still in the arms of his mother, when he saw the snowflake, he reached out his chubby little hand to catch those \"white butterflies\". Those children who just walked away, got rid of their parents' hands, stepped on the snow by themselves, and listened to the \"creak\" sound. Some children look for places without footprints, and then look back to admire their \"masterpieces.\" But we found some little friends, vigorously played snowball fights, tired of playing, just sit on the snow on the buttocks, grabbed a snow in our mouth when we were thirsty, and enjoyed the natural dew. The naughty Snowflake brother deliberately got into my neck collar, and the cool one was as happy as eating ice cream in the summer."}, {"nb": 2553, "data": "Fun zoo This afternoon, my mother took me to the zoo to see the animals. The zoo is really lively, with all kinds of animals. The naughty monkey is swinging on the big tree. The monkey was naughty and jumped around, making everyone laugh. On the grass, the cute giant panda is eating green bamboo leaves. In the pool, sea lions are performing heading, and from time to time there are applause from tourists. On the blue lake surface, two white swans are plucking their red feet and playing happily. In the sky, the bird flapped its wings and flew freely."}, {"nb": 2554, "data": "The technology of soilless culture is also remarkable. Scientists and technicians dissolve various nutrients in water without using soil. Plants can grow very strong by relying on such water. On the way home, I couldn't help thinking: With advanced science and technology, the changes in agriculture are really big!"}, {"nb": 2555, "data": "There are so many flowers in the garden. There are pink peach flowers, golden spring flowers, snow-white pear flowers, and red and gorgeous roses. They decorate the garden beautifully."}, {"nb": 2556, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 2557, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the sky, they invented the airplane. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. The eyes of the pigeon can tell whether the enemy is a friend or an enemy. The man-made monitor can also monitor aircraft and missiles. Dog noses are best. People have created electronic noses to check whether underground gas pipes are leaking."}, {"nb": 2558, "data": "In the vegetable garden, the more I look, the more melons lie on the ground, and the eggplants hang on the branches. Under the eaves, the mother swallow asked the little swallow: \"Can you fly to the vegetable garden and see what is the difference between winter melon and eggplant?\" The little swallow flew away and came back: \"Mom, mom, the winter melon is big, eggplant It \u2019s small! \u201dSaid Mother Swallow:\u201c Good. But, can you go and see, what \u2019s the difference? \u201dLittle Swallow flew away, and came back:\u201c Mum, Mom, the winter melon is green, eggplant It's purple! \"Mother Swallow nodded and said,\" Very good. But, can you go take a closer look, what's the difference between them? \"Little Swallow flew again and cried happily when he came back \"Mom, mom, I found that the melon skin has fine hairs and there are small thorns on the stems of the eggplants!\" Mom Swallow smiled happily: \"This child has improved from time to time.\""}, {"nb": 2559, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 2560, "data": "Child Yu, I am a fish, do you know my age? In spring and summer, I eat more and grow faster; in autumn and winter, the opposite is true. I eat less, grow slowly, and grow at different speeds. My scales will appear one by one, as long as I count the lines on my body, You can know how old I am."}, {"nb": 2561, "data": "Where is the wind? The wind is in the sky. You see, it blew clouds and ran forward, like a sailboat sailing on the sea. Where is the wind? The wind is on the willow. You see, it is blowing wicker gently, like children dancing. Where is the wind? The wind is on the water. You see, the sparkling waves it blows, and the duckweed on the water is shaking. Where is the wind? what ! The wind is in my hand. I waved the air, and the wind came."}, {"nb": 2562, "data": "Children, thank you for the continuous drop of tap water on the campus. I quietly shut down the water pipe. The water pipe said: Thank you, kid! On the grass, the plastic bag was so small that the grass was so suffocated that I bent down to pick it up. Xiao Cao said, \"Thank you, my little friend! A group of children are catching tadpoles by Xiaotang. I advise them to put them back as soon as possible. The tadpole said: Thank you, my little friend! A small tree was peeled off by the roadside, and I immediately wrapped it with cloth strips. Xiaoshu said, \"Thank you, kid!"}, {"nb": 2563, "data": "A cloud hat weather, so hot and hot. Small trees, small grass, small flowers ... are uncomfortably hot, and everyone wants to be cool. Suddenly, a black and black cloud hat floated. Who only wears a cloud hat? Xiaohua said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Xiao Cao said: \"I wear it! I wear it!\" Do n\u2019t fight, do n\u2019t fight, let \u2019s wear the sun, the sun is hotter than us! \u201dEveryone said:\u201c Okay! Good! \u201dFenger gave the cloud hat to the sun, and the sun wore a black cloud hat .. All of a sudden, the sky became cool and shady, and it rained a bit. Little tree, straightened his waist with joy. Little grass, swaying with joy. Birds, fly around, sing while flying: Friendship is really great! Friendship is really magical!"}, {"nb": 2564, "data": "Clouds are in the sky like sapphires, and white clouds are floating like snow. They have limited ticket friends in the blue sky. A cloud changes its image in the sky. Sometimes, the cloud is like a little goat, running freely, and soon merges into the cloud group; sometimes, the cloud is like a bird flying from a distance, it expands little by little, and gradually blurs, It became a big cloud. At different times, the clouds have different changes. Some are like cows, some are like rabbits, and some are like chickens ... In the morning, the rising sun sets a beautiful golden rim on the clouds, passing through the gaps between the clouds, the sun shoots 10,000 The golden light, shone in the wilderness, shone on the balcony of my house. At night, the little stars blinked, and several clouds in the sky were slowly swimming, blocking the little stars like a light streamer. No wonder I saw some stars appearing and disappearing when I walked."}, {"nb": 2565, "data": "The funny nose-sticking game The nose-sticking game is really interesting. During extracurricular activities, the teacher drew a big head doll with no nose on the blackboard in the classroom. Let us stick her nose. It was our turn to stick the nose to the big head doll. The first one to go up was Xiao Jun. The leader of the team blindfolded him with green silk and helped him turn around three times. Xiao Jun walked slowly to the blackboard with a red nose and compared it for a while. Stick your nose. Before Xiao Jun pulled off the ribbon, the students laughed. It turned out that I put my nose on my right eye."}, {"nb": 2566, "data": "Spring Rain The rusty spring rain, like thousands of silk threads down ... Shuttle swallows hold the rain silk, weaving a beautiful picture of spring. The green ones are willow leaves and the red ones are peach blossoms. A bright stream was also woven, and the fish in the river waggled their tails happily. On the hillside across the river, there are farmers who sow seeds; there are dolls planting trees ... Ah! What a beautiful picture!"}, {"nb": 2567, "data": "The color of autumn millet said: \"Autumn is yellow.\" Sorghum said: \"Autumn is red.\" Cotton said: \"Autumn is white.\" The pine tree said: \"Autumn is green.\" Saying big: \"Autumn is colored.\" of.\""}, {"nb": 2568, "data": "Who will lend the umbrella to the side of the road? There is a small and exquisite wooden house with colorful outer walls that decorates the hut beautifully and brightly. In the wooden house is a small cat that helps others. One day, frogs, turtles, ducks, and roosters went to the streets to play together. On the way home, the sky darkened, and after a while, it began to rain heavily. The little cat is watching TV. It heard the sound of raining outside, \"Wow, Wow\", and thought, \"Will there be friends who need umbrellas?\" The little cat quickly took the little umbrella and walked out the door. It stood under the eaves, and saw four little friends coming along the road from afar. But now there is only one umbrella in hand, to whom do you lend it? The little cat saw the frog walking up and down, oh! It understands that frogs grow up in rivers and are not afraid of rain. It saw the tortoise sticking out its long neck and drinking the rain happily. There was a lid on its back. The turtle did not use an umbrella. It also saw a little duck with shiny, smooth feathers. When the rain dropped on it, it slipped off, and it didn't need an umbrella. Only the poor big cock, the thin feathers were soaked in the rain, the little cat quickly lent the little cock to the big cock! The little cat thinks that he has done a big thing and feels so happy in his heart!"}, {"nb": 2569, "data": "Little Monkey Learning Skills On Sunday, the little monkey did not know what to do, so he went to the Little White Rabbit underground railway. When he saw the little white rabbit writing at home, he found it very interesting and decided to learn this line. It said to the little white rabbit: \"Little white rabbit, will you teach me how to write essays?\" Little white rabbit said: \"Okay, you go home and practice by yourself!\" The little monkey returned home and took out a pen Write an article on paper. I wrote, I heard someone outside playing the trumpet. At first glance, it turned out to be Brother Xiong. The monkey again found it interesting to play the trumpet, so he decided to learn this line. It blows and blows, and it always doesn't blow, so it doesn't want to learn again. At this moment, it saw Sister Xiaolu practicing running again, running fast! It decided to learn to run again. However, I ran a few times and felt too tired to learn again. Later, Little White Rabbit became a writer, Little Bear became a musician, Little Deer became an excellent long-distance runner, how happy are the three little friends! But the monkey didn't learn anything."}, {"nb": 2570, "data": "Little Turtle Brother and Sister Opening a Store Little Turtle Brother and Sister want to open a small store, what kind of store is good? They asked the elephant. The elephant said: \"I am a flower shop, I can spray flowers with a big nose.\" They asked the hippo. The hippo said, \"I open a balloon shop, and I can blow out the biggest balloon with my big mouth!\" What? The kangaroo mother told them: \"I opened a bookstore and put the newspapers in my big pockets. I could sell them wherever I went.\" The little turtle brother and sister were sad: \"We don't have long noses, big mouths, and big pockets. , What should I do? \"Later, the little turtle brother and sister were not sad anymore, they opened a biscuit shop. Let the sun bake its back shell hot, then spread the scones on the back shell. Baked, baked, the biscuits are delicious. The little turtle's biscuits are fragrant and crisp, and there are beautiful patterns on it. Everyone came to buy them."}, {"nb": 2571, "data": "A spider is weaving the web. It had just been woven a few times, and a strong wind blew it, breaking the silk. The spider woven it again, just halfway through it, and a raindrop hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry, and weaved again, but a burst of hail smashed the web again. The spider is not discouraged, but weaves again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving \u2014 a large, strong web. The spider sat happily in the middle of the web, catching the flying insects."}, {"nb": 2572, "data": "Why do we need to paint the trunk with lime water? We often see the lower half of some trees in the park, in the orchard and on both sides of the road painted white. This white substance is lime water. The role of this white coating is really quite a lot! First of all, lime water of this concentration can not only eliminate diseases and insect pests, but also kill all kinds of overwintering insect eggs. Secondly, this white coating can prevent frostbite of trees. Because the temperature difference between day and night in the northern region is large, especially in early spring before winter. The trunk is very easy to swell and crack when frozen. The white coating can reflect part of the sunlight and heat energy, so that the temperature of the trunk does not change much, reducing the impact of the temperature difference on the trees. Again, the trunk is painted white, which not only beautifies the environment, but also prevents livestock from eating the trees and protects the normal growth of the trees."}, {"nb": 2573, "data": "Children of Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge, do you know? There is a Yangtze River Bridge in Nanjing. It is a very big bridge. If you walk through this big bridge, you have to walk for more than an hour. The bridge is divided into two floors. Eight cars can be driven side by side on the highway bridge above. The trains running north and south on the railway bridge below can be separated at the same time. The big boat traveled under the bridge. How magnificent the Yangtze River Bridge is!"}, {"nb": 2574, "data": "The scene on the beach is even more marvelous, with a variety of shells everywhere. They are yellow, silver, red, blue ... really colorful. Their shapes are really funny, some are like blooming flowers, some are like small fans, and some are like cute little animals, lifelike."}, {"nb": 2575, "data": "The lion and the fox lion are old and unable to capture the beast, so he wants to live his life by tricks. He burrowed into a cave, lying down and pretending to be sick. Many beasts came to visit him in the cave and were eaten by him. The fox saw his tricks and stood at the entrance of the cave and said, \"Lion King, how is he doing?\" The lion said: \"I'm not in good health. Why don't you come in?\" The fox replied: \"Because I see many footprints \u2014\u2014 There are a lot of holes, but there are no holes, so I wo n\u2019t go in. \u201d"}, {"nb": 2576, "data": "Going to school in the face of the cold wind, \"Xiaobo, Xiaobo!\" Grandma's cry awakened me from a sweet sleep, and I quickly got up. \"Yeah! It's so cold!\" I retracted into the bed, only to hear the north wind blowing outside. I really wanted to sleep a little longer, but I thought of the teacher saying \"I have to go to school on time every day\" and immediately got dressed and got out of bed. After breakfast, my whole body was very warm. The wind seems to be deliberately making fun of me, and the wind is even more fierce. I thought to myself: \"Wind! Wind! You can only scare the cowards. To learn skills, no matter how cold, I have to go to school on time!\" Carrying his schoolbag, he walked toward the school with the north wind blowing."}, {"nb": 2577, "data": "Good friends of crops-there are many kinds of frogs. A common species is the black spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is as white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on both sides of the head, and the vision is very sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but they are not sensitive to the lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the frog. During predation, the tongue quickly traverses the exit, sticks the bug, and is caught in the mouth, often with a hundred hairs. The main food of frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, frogs are known as good friends of crops."}, {"nb": 2578, "data": "The leaves grow on the tree, and the branches use it as a fan. When it fell on the ground, the bug took it as a quilt. Floating in the river, the fish used it as an umbrella. Flying to the sky, the bird used it as a kite ... The leaves said \"Everyone likes me, I'm so happy.\""}, {"nb": 2579, "data": "Antonyms are a pair of big, one small, one ostrich and one ant. More on one side and less on the other, a pile of sand and a grain of rice. One is thick, the other is thin, the post is a pen. A circle, a square, a basketball and a basket. One fat, one thin, one elephant and one deer. One tall, one short, one brother and one me. Take a look, take a look, the antonyms are remembered."}, {"nb": 2580, "data": "Small saplings, lined up, greening the motherland is busy. Walk to both sides of the road station and hold a green umbrella on the street. Walk to the wind outlet of the field station to block the sand and ensure a good harvest. When we walked to the desert and stood firm, the desert was green and green. When I walked to the barren hill and settled down, I was wearing green clothes."}, {"nb": 2581, "data": "In spring, the sun is shining, and flowers bloom in the fields. White pear blossoms, pink peach blossoms, and yellow rape blossoms exude bursts of fragrance. On Saturday, the Spring Animal Games were held in the forest. Some of the little animals are cycling, some are racing, some are playing football, and some are jumping high. The competition is really fierce!"}, {"nb": 2582, "data": "A spider is weaving the web. It had just been woven a few times, and a strong wind blew it, breaking the silk. The spider woven it again, just halfway through it, and a raindrop hit it, breaking the web. The spider was not angry, and weaved again, but a burst of hail smashed the web again. The spider is not discouraged, but weaves again. Weaving, weaving, and finally weaving \u2014 a large, strong web. The spider sat happily in the middle of the web, catching the flying insects."}, {"nb": 2583, "data": "In the early winter of Mist Girl, Mist Girl flew around with a white yarn around her. She came to a beautiful garden and covered the flowers with layers of white gauze. The flowers said, \"Thank you, Mist Girl, we are thirsty, and you brought us dew.\" Mist Girl came to the winding road again. She thought: Let me dress up the road. She draped the white gauze one by one on the road, he thought the road was more beautiful. But the highway said: \"Mist Girl, don't do this, the car sister will have an opinion.\" Sure enough, the voice of the car sister came: \"Mist Girl, your kindness will make me see the road, you should go back!\" The girl was uncomfortable and wailed, and her tears fell on the ground. At this time, Father Sun came out. He stretched out two warm big hands to help Wuwu girl wipe away her tears, comforting her and saying, \"Child, you should rest!\" Wuqi girl hugged the white gauze and flew away with a smile."}, {"nb": 2584, "data": "Cradle Blue Sky is a cradle, shaking baby star, white clouds floating gently, baby star asleep. The sea is a cradle, shaking the baby fish, the waves are gently turned, and the baby fish is asleep. The garden is a cradle, and the baby is shaking, the wind blows gently, and the baby is asleep. Mother's hand is the cradle, shaking the baby, the song is sung gently, the baby is asleep."}, {"nb": 2585, "data": "In the lively forest of the Forest Guard, there are many birds. They will form a forest guard in order to protect the trees. The magpie will be the captain. The owl first flew to sign up and said, \"I can catch those vicious voles again at night, which can protect the forest.\" As soon as the words fell, a woodpecker came and said, \"I cure the trees, I can protect the trees, and I can still Make the tree grow more luxuriant. \"Huang Li hurriedly said:\" I have the most confidence in myself, to say that I am one of the best in catching pests in the forest. \"Magpie said:\" The three of you have your own Skills and strengths, Now I announce that all three of you have become members of the forest protection team. \"From then on, there is an excellent forest protection team in the forest that protects the trees day and night."}, {"nb": 2586, "data": "Sheep rushed out of the gate and jumped towards the boundless grassland. The herdsmen stepped on the horses and chased the happy sheep. In the distance, flocks of sheep flutter like white clouds, the shepherd's singing echoes under the blue sky."}, {"nb": 2587, "data": "My favorite is rose flowers. The stems of rose flowers are thin and extremely long, and there are many small hard thorns on it. Touch it, and it will pierce you hard. The leaves of rose flowers are oval, with many small teeth on the sides. The most beautiful is that there are many colors of rose flowers, red, white, and yellow. Flowers of various colors are very beautiful when they bloom."}, {"nb": 2588, "data": "Good friends of crops-there are many kinds of frogs. A common species is the black spotted frog, which can reach 8 cm; the back is green with black markings; the abdomen is as white as snow; the head is slightly triangular; there are a pair of protruding eyes on both sides of the head, and the vision is very sharp and can quickly detect flying Insects, but they are not sensitive to the lying insects. There is a movable tongue in the mouth of the frog. During predation, the tongue quickly traverses the exit, sticks the bug, and is caught in the mouth, often with a hundred hairs. The main food of frogs is agricultural pests such as moths, mosquitoes, flies and rice planthoppers. Therefore, frogs are known as good friends of crops."}, {"nb": 2589, "data": "A pair of little shoes and a rabbit found a pair of beautiful little shoes. Whose is it? It wants to find the owner of the little shoes. Looking for the duckling, the duckling said, \"No, no, I have webbed feet on my feet and can splash water. I never wear shoes.\" Looking for the birdie, the little bird said: \"No, no, my feet are pointed, can Grab the branch, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for the kitten, the kitten said:\" No, no, I have soft pads on my feet, there is no sound when walking, I never wear shoes. \"Looking for small The horse, the pony said: \"No, no, my feet are hard hooves, I can walk a long, long way, I never wear shoes.\" Look, look, the bunny saw a baby, light Running on the beach with your feet ... Bunny asked: \"Baby, are these shoes yours?\" The baby said: \"Yes, yes.\" The baby put on beautiful little shoes and smiled right Little Rabbit said: \"Thank you!\""}, {"nb": 2590, "data": "There are hundreds of species of seabirds living on the sand islands in the South my country Sea. The largest number is the white bird. This white bird likes to eat fish the most. They look for fish on the sea in groups. They fly back to the island in the evening. The largest seabird is called the albatross. One of its wings is as long as two desks. It often spreads its wings and flies over the sea. It can fly for hundreds of miles before stopping."}, {"nb": 2591, "data": "I have ten small fish made of wax. Some of these small wax fishes have white bodies and sky blue patterns; some have red bodies and yellow patterns; others have a piece of green on the whole body, which is really beautiful."}, {"nb": 2592, "data": "The snowman stands alone in the field. The little rabbit, the little cat and the little dog came, and said to the snowman: \"We are looking for spring, and when we find it, we must bring a gift to you.\" They walked and walked, they saw a bush of wildflowers, and the puppy picked one. They walked and saw a row of sprouting willow branches, and the puppy folded a branch. They walked and walked, and when they saw a group of little tadpoles, the kitten grabbed a bottle. They brought gifts to the snowman, but the snowman was gone."}, {"nb": 2593, "data": "Dad is a big tree, Mom is a big tree. I am a happy bird flying between two big trees."}, {"nb": 2594, "data": "Beautiful bubbles In the bright sunlight, we blow up colorful bubbles. Big and small bubbles fly to the blue sky. Some are like small dewdrops, and some are like beautiful colored balls. Bubbles flew to the classroom and came to visit our classroom; Bubbles flew to space and danced with the stars in the sky; Bubbles flew to the lawn, holding hands with the grass hand, shoulder by shoulder, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 2595, "data": "The field is lively and extraordinary. Pieces of soybeans swayed the pods and made a la la laugh; the tall sorghum raised its black, red, and black face, as if singing happily. On the hillside, by the road, at the entrance of the village, the maple leaves are all red, and they are red like a fire, burning people's hearts."}, {"nb": 2596, "data": "The lovely autumn doll, the autumn doll is waving with colored pens. It draws naughtily and the earth changes its color magically. One by one the leaves were yellow and the fruits were ripe. A piece of rice is golden, and the colorful autumn chrysanthemums make me laugh. Qiuhua, stay here for a while, okay? I want to keep these wonderful scenes forever. But it was too late because Sister Dong was coming soon. So, goodbye, Qiuhua, let's meet again next year!"}, {"nb": 2597, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 2598, "data": "The stars in the sky in the autumn night are the best time to watch the stars. Look, how many bright stars hang in the dark blue sky! How beautiful their colors are: red, blue, yellow, white ... Just like precious gems. Stars and names. These stars are like a singing and dancing fairy called Andromeda; those stars are like a tall horse called Pegasus. There are also Mercury, Mars, Saturn ... constellation as much as the stars in the sky!"}, {"nb": 2599, "data": "When spring comes, the ginkgo tree quietly put on a green coat. The small fan-shaped leaves that grew out of the branches looked so tender and so green. There are small yellow-green flowers blooming in the middle of the green leaves, so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 2600, "data": "Jia Ru picked up some fallen leaves in the suburbs. After returning home, Jiaru collaged the fallen leaves into a beautiful picture. Dad said: \"Unexpectedly, if you are as young as you are, you know how to use waste.\" Jia Ru asked: \"What is waste utilization?\" Dad said: \"Waste utilization is to regenerate useless things into useful things For example: old newspapers, soda cans, glass bottles, etc. can all create interesting and useful items. \"Jia Ru said:\" Waste utilization is very meaningful! We must support environmental protection and waste utilization. Dad, please teach me Do it! \"Dad said:\" Let's make a beautiful vase together. Go ahead and prepare old newspapers, glue, color materials and soda cans. \""}, {"nb": 2601, "data": "The little gecko borrowed the tail to climb and climb to the side of the river. He saw the little fish swimming around with its tail wagging in the river. The little gecko said, \"Sister Xiaoyu, can you lend your tail to me?\" Xiaoyu said, \"No, I want to use the tail to draw water.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the little fish and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed up to the big tree. He saw the old oxen flick its tail and graze under the tree. The little gecko said, \"Uncle Yellow Cow, can you lend your tail to me?\" The old yellow cow said, \"No, I will use the tail to catch the flies.\" The little gecko said goodbye to the old yellow cow and crawled forward. The little gecko climbed and climbed under the eaves. He saw the swallows flying with their tails flying in the air. The little gecko said, \"Aunt Swallow, can you lend me your tail?\" The swallow said, \"No, when I fly, I have to use the tail to control the direction.\" The little gecko was very sad because he couldn't borrow the tail. He crawled and crawled, and crawled back home to find his mother. The little gecko told his mother about borrowing the tail. The mother smiled and said, \"Stupid boy, you turn around and look at it.\" The little gecko turned to look around and cried happily: \"I have a new tail!\""}, {"nb": 2602, "data": "The little white snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds. Snow covered the roof and covered the house with white silver tiles; Snow covered the mountains, and covered the mountains with beautiful white yarn; Snow covered the pine forest, and the pine forest was covered with beautiful flowers ... Ah! The lovely little snowflakes float lightly from the high clouds."}, {"nb": 2603, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 2604, "data": "Mother's love will become magic. In a moment it becomes a beautiful dress in my body, in a moment it becomes a lovely toy in my hand, in a moment it becomes a fairy tale that I love to listen to ... change what change, change which change, make me taller, make her laugh."}, {"nb": 2605, "data": "Little Huazier finds happiness. There is a little black flower who quietly pops out of his mother's arms. He wants to find happiness. It saw the sun and asked: \"Sun, are you very happy?\" \"Yes, I am very happy.\" The sun's bright red face said, \"I give everyone sunshine and warmth, everyone likes me.\" It sees little birds, Q: \"Bird, are you very happy?\" \"Bird\" chirping \"said:\" Yes, I am very happy. I sing to everyone, everyone likes me. \"It saw a bee, asked:\" bee \"Are you very happy?\" The bee \"buzzed\" and said: \"Yes, I'm very happy. I'm collecting honey for everyone. Everyone likes me.\" It saw a frog, asked: \"Are you happy, frog \"Frog\" \u5471\u5471\u5471 \"Say:\" Yes, I am very happy. I catch pests for everyone, everyone likes me. \"Friends are very happy, Xiao Huazi also want to find their own happiness. It floats with the wind girl, across the river, across the grassland, and finally onto the snowy mountains. A piece of white snow, a white tree, a white house, a white road in the snow mountain ... The little flower child stayed, and it was going to bloom a flower on the snow mountain. Spring is here, and Xiaohuazi really has a beautiful big red flower. The fragrant fragrance is very urgent. The scent spread far and far, white bears, seals, snow rabbits, walruses ... and adults and children came. Seeing everyone like it so much, it said happily to itself: \"I'm so happy!\""}, {"nb": 2606, "data": "There is a little cat in the Good Friends Zoo, which is very cute. The little animals all like to approach it and want to be friends with it. One day, the little cat was painting by the river. The little rabbit said, \"The kitten is really good, it's really a big painter.\" The little fox said: \"This painting is so good that you can use it to participate in the competition.\" Can get the first place! \"Xiao pig said:\" This picture is not good at all. How can the chick swim in the water? The goldfish can't climb the tree! \"The kitten smiled embarrassedly, it said \"Thank you for pointing out my mistake. You are really my good friend.\""}, {"nb": 2607, "data": "Spring has come Winter has passed, and the breeze has sent spring quietly. The wheat seedling woke up and stretched out the tender green leaves. The rape flowers bloomed, and the field was golden. The willow germinated, and the soft branches gently swayed in the breeze. A frog drilled out of the hole and was busy catching insects by the river. spring is coming . It came to the classroom and listened quietly to our reading and singing. It came to the campus and played happily with us."}, {"nb": 2608, "data": "Little Porcelain Pig \"Housekeeper\" I have a little Pork piggy bank. Its whole body is white and flawless, chubby. The small mouth pouted upwards, almost connected with the nose, and there was a little red dot on the nose, which looked cute and cute. A pair of eyes looked at me with a smile. There is also a \"secret door\" on the back of the little porcelain pig. I always put the saved money in its belly. It is my most faithful \"little housekeeper\"."}, {"nb": 2609, "data": "In autumn, the trees are full of fruits. On the hillside, rows of persimmon trees are lined with persimmons like red lanterns. There is a wild fruit tree on the top of the mountain. These fruits are ripe, with red hawthorn; pea-sized tree heads red; and purple grapes. The most lovable thing is the golden lotus seed. You see its golden body is hidden in the green leaves. There are tiny thorns all over the body, which makes people afraid and like it. If you take a pill and remove the thorn, put it in your mouth to taste it."}, {"nb": 2610, "data": "The lovely autumn doll, the autumn doll is waving with colored pens. It draws naughtily and the earth changes its color magically. One by one the leaves were yellow and the fruits were ripe. A piece of rice is golden, and the colorful autumn chrysanthemums make me laugh. Qiuhua, stay here for a while, okay? I want to keep these wonderful scenes forever. But it was too late because Sister Dong was coming soon. So, goodbye, Qiuhua, let's meet again next year!"}, {"nb": 2611, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 2612, "data": "When autumn came, the goat teacher brought small animals to the garden to see the surrounding scenery. Teacher Goat said: \"There are so many beautiful colors in front of you, what color do you like?\" The little bear said: \"I like gold, because the rice is golden and golden, it brings us a bumper harvest and joy.\" Xiao The chicken said: \"I like red because the apples are red. The red apples are fragrant and sweet, symbolizing enthusiasm.\" The little squirrel said: \"I like purple because the eggplant is purple, and purple symbolizes nobility.\" The teacher nodded and said, \"Ah! Beautiful colors! How beautifully dresses our world!\""}, {"nb": 2613, "data": "The chick pecked at the eggshell with a small pointed mouth. It pecked and pecked for a long time before it pecked out a small hole. It saw the sky is blue and clear, the trees are green, and the river is clear and clear."}, {"nb": 2614, "data": "Children of Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge, do you know? There is a Yangtze River Bridge in Nanjing. It is a very big bridge. If you walk through this big bridge, you have to walk for more than an hour. The bridge is divided into two floors. Eight cars can be driven side by side on the highway bridge above. The trains running north and south on the railway bridge below can be separated at the same time. The big boat traveled under the bridge. How magnificent the Yangtze River Bridge is!"}, {"nb": 2615, "data": "Grandpa Dongdong rode on a donkey and came to us with a cold whip all the way from the remote Siberian plain. The earth became a huge refrigerator. I was a ice cream bar wrapped in a flower in the refrigerator. The sycamore turned into a gray coral, and the sparrow was a group of happy shuttle fish around the coral. The window became a beautiful screen, and frost flowers were the only butterflies on the screen that were sleeping and sleeping."}, {"nb": 2616, "data": "Cats and mice a long time ago, cats and mice were a pair of intimate friends. They played together and farmed together. In the first year, they grow radishes. The mouse said to the cat: \"You take the stem and leave the root for me!\" Soon the radish grew and the mouse gave the stem to the cat. As the mouse chewed the crisp radish, the cat was greedy drooling. The next year, they planted lettuce. \"This time you take the stem and give me the root!\" The cat insisted. \"Yes, it's up to you!\" The mouse readily agreed. The green lettuce grew taller, and the mouse gave the cat a root. Seeing the mouse biting the tender lettuce, the cat glared dry. In the third year, they planted daylily. The cat said, \"I want both roots and stems. Will you plant with me?\" \"Yes!\" Said the mouse with a smile. The flowers in the garden opened, and the mouse gave the cat a stem and a root. Watching the mouse tasting the golden flowers with pride, the cat rushed towards the mouse angrily ... Since then, the cat and the mouse have become enemies. As long as the cat sees the mouse, it will grind its teeth and chase after it. As for the mice, they can only run away in vain!"}, {"nb": 2617, "data": "On the way, the pony met the old goat, and said to the old goat: \"Grandpa Goat! It's raining, please take my car!\" The old goat happily got on the car. Not far away, the pony saw the kitten and the rabbit again. Pony said to them: \"Brother Cat, Sister Rabbit, get in my car!\" The kitten and Rabbit also jumped into the car with pleasure. Everyone said that Ma was really enthusiastic."}, {"nb": 2618, "data": "There is a radio and television tower beside the Huangpu River in Shanghai. She has a beautiful name called \"Oriental Pearl\". This tower, with the blue sky above it, stepped on the earth with its feet, like a giant. At night, the lights on the tower are all lit, colorful, and very beautiful. The Shanghai Radio and TV Tower is really a beautiful oriental pearl."}, {"nb": 2619, "data": "Grandpa Zhang Leping is a famous painter in China. Grandpa Zhang's mother is an ingenious person who often embroiders and cuts paper for others. It was a quiet summer night, Zhang Leping snuggled beside her mother and watched her embroider. Suddenly, he discovered that a candle oil shed from the candle, much like a mother's embroidered chick. He hurried to catch it with his hands, but what he caught was warm, soft sludge. According to the pattern embroidered by his mother, he pinched a little white rabbit with oil sludge. He dug a little red oil from the red candle and embedded it in the eyes of the white rabbit. He shouted happily: \"Mom, look at my little white rabbit!\" Mom looked at his son's work and hugged him and said, \"Okay, the little white rabbit you pinch is so beautiful!\" With the encouragement of his mother, Grandpa Zhang Step by step into the door of art."}, {"nb": 2620, "data": "In some islands in Brazil and the Pacific, a tree that bears \"bread\" grows. The bread tree is more than ten meters high, the trunk is thick, the foliage is lush, and the thick shade is like a natural pergola. Every year from July to November, the tree will bear round fruits. The fruits are big like volleyball and small like tennis. The fruit turns green when tender and turns yellow when ripe. A tree often hangs hundreds of thousands of fruits like toasted yellow bread."}, {"nb": 2621, "data": "Children who count stars at night, the stars in the sky are like countless pearls scattered in the jasper plate. A child sat in the yard, leaning on her grandmother, raised her head and pointed to the sky to count the stars. One, two, counted to hundreds. The grandmother said with a smile: \"Stupid boy, counting the stars again. So many stars, flickering and blinking, all eyes are blooming, can you count them?\" The child said, \"Grandma, can see You can count them when you see them. The stars are moving, but not turbulent. You see, this star is always so far away from that star. \"Grandpa came over and said,\" Child, you see very well Be careful. The stars in the sky are moving, but the distance between them seems to be constant. Our ancestors divided them into groups and gave them names. \"Grandpa stopped, pointing to the north The sky said, \"Look, the seven stars, connected like a spoon, are called the Big Dipper. The star facing the spoon is the North Star. The Big Dipper always rotates around the North Star.\" Grandpa said is that true? The child didn't sleep well all night, and looked up at the stars several times. He saw clearly, the Big Dipper really turned slowly around the North Star. This child who counts stars is called Zhang Heng, who is from the Han Dynasty. After he grew up, he worked hard on astronomy and became a famous astronomer."}, {"nb": 2622, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 2623, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 2624, "data": "The goose \"layed an egg\" remembered the funny thing that happened when I was eight years old, and I still remember it so far, so I can't help but laugh. In the winter vacation that year, I took the big yellow dog to my uncle's house in the countryside. A big white goose walked and twitched fatly, and I stared at its belly, it seemed to be laying eggs! Let me remind it! The big yellow dog and I started to \"action\", and the big white goose fled everywhere; the big yellow dog rushed over, and I quickly pressed the big white goose to hold it, letting it bark loudly, and pressed its stomach. Suddenly someone lifted me up from behind. I stood beside my uncle like a captive who had defeated the war. The big yellow dog waiting to be appreciated saw the situation was bad, and ran with its tail in it. \"What the hell are you doing?\" I hesitated for a moment and finally said it. Uncle said, \"How can this goose lay eggs? It's a male goose!\" Alas, Bai tossed for a long time, really inspiring!"}, {"nb": 2625, "data": "Our dense mountain forest is the home of the little birds, and the little birds are singing in the mountain forest. The clear river is the fish's home, and the fish are playing in the river. The vast grassland is the home of cattle and sheep. The cattle and sheep run freely on the grassland. The rich earth is our home, and we thrive on it. Love our home, love their home, and make all homes beautiful and picturesque!"}, {"nb": 2626, "data": "The moon held by the rope, my smart baby, the moon and you are really good: you walk, it walks, you stop, it stops, it is really obedient on it. It's a little white dog that you hold with a rope. It's a little balloon that you hold with a string. When you sleep, you tie it to the pillow. During the night, the moon hangs over your crib."}, {"nb": 2627, "data": "The little squirrel got sick. The little squirrel got sick and was hospitalized. All the little animals came to visit her. Little monkeys bring peaches, little bees bring honey, little white rabbits send cabbage, and calves send milk. The Lark Bird sang a song: \"I wish you well soon!\" The Oriole also opened his throat: \"Wish you come back among us.\" The little squirrel looked at his roommate and shed tears with excitement."}, {"nb": 2628, "data": "In early summer, pomegranate flowers bloomed. From a distance, the red flowers resemble flames. Looking closely, the blossoming pomegranate flowers resemble small trumpets. The pale yellow flower sways in the wind, like a group of fairies dancing."}, {"nb": 2629, "data": "These geese have red beaks, high foreheads, and white bodies. As soon as they saw me, they stretched their necks and nodded as they said, \"Say hello.\" I like playing with them very much."}, {"nb": 2630, "data": "In the spring of the four seasons, there are many east winds, and swallows are blown to make new nests. In summer, there are many southerly winds blowing the sun like a fire. In autumn, westerly winds blow, and ripe crops blow ripe fruits. In winter, there are many northerly winds, and snowflakes are blowing."}, {"nb": 2631, "data": "On the way, the rooster came across an old horse with food, and said sadly: \"Uncle old horse, I'm going to be more beautiful with woodpeckers, bees and frogs. Why don't they ignore me?\" Said the old horse: \"Because they know The beauty is not only the appearance, but also whether it can help people do things. \""}, {"nb": 2632, "data": "A hoe is light on both sides, digging a vegetable field in all directions. They grow onions and garlic, radishes and ginger. The ginger is spicy, the onions and garlic are sweet, and the radish is as sweet as rock candy."}, {"nb": 2633, "data": "My hometown is on the plains. The plains she painted were so flat and so wide. There are golden rice, white cotton, and large green fields. There are chickens and ducks in front of the house and green bamboos behind the house. The little girl running on the field is mediocre."}, {"nb": 2634, "data": "My aunt sent me a bird with green feathers and yellow mouth, and two eyes flickering, very cute. I put it in a cage, gave it food, and gave it water, but it didn't move at all. I'm in a hurry, I don't know what to do."}, {"nb": 2635, "data": "The grandmother's small mountain village lives in a beautiful small mountain village. Today, we took bus 9 to grandma's house. After getting out of the car, we embarked on a winding mountain path. On both sides of the mountain road were tall and tall trees, and not far away were a piece of tea garden, tea farmers in twos and threes were picking tea, and a large and large green wheat field There are several farmers who are weeding the grass. It is getting closer and closer to grandma 's house. Look, the small mountain village is full of green, green grass, green trees, green wheat fields, green tea leaves, even my breath is full of green. Finally arrived at grandma 's house. Look, there is a wide and big pond in front of my grandmother's house. There are a few ducks swimming freely in the water. On the west of the pond is the willow girl with long braids, and the wicker is blown by the wind Sway gently, as if dancing. Ah, how beautiful the little mountain village of Grandma 's house!"}, {"nb": 2636, "data": "It was raining for half a day in the evening glow. In the evening, the sky gradually became clear. A brilliant sunset rose over the horizon, and for a while it was covered with most of the sky. There are thousands of sunsets, some like lions roaring in the sky, some like elephants stretching their noses to drink water, and some like sheep eating grass ... It's unpredictable, adding a bit to the quiet sky Mysterious. Unconsciously, the sunset slowly receded, the sky was blue and blue."}, {"nb": 2637, "data": "At night, the fireflies carrying lanterns covered the moon with clouds. The hot air on the ground is still evaporating, and the weather is still so hot. We all shook the fan to cool off in the yard. But the fireflies carried small lanterns and flew on the grass. Is it to lead the lost ants, or to light the textile girl who is on the night shift? Or ... fly, fly, fly over the blades of grass, and fly under the big tree, the fireflies are not afraid of heat, and they work hard. Photographs, photographs, small lanterns of fireflies, like stars in the fairy tale world, twinkling twinkling, so charming!"}, {"nb": 2638, "data": "Use Jiner silkworm baby, use Jiner on your mouth. Horses, use Jiner on the lap. Little bird, use Jiner on your wings. Kids, use Jin'er in learning."}, {"nb": 2639, "data": "The colorful greeting card forest sent me a green greeting card, which is a green leaf. The forest wishes me to thrive like a sapling, and every leaf is a song of joy ... The blue sky gave me a white greeting card, that is a piece of white cloud. The blue sky calls me to use Baiyun as a wing, into a flying white dove ... the sea gives me a blue greeting card, it is a blue shell. The sea asked me to turn the shell into a small boat, face the wind and waves, and harvest the treasure ... The sun gave me a red greeting card, which was the glow of red glow. The sun wants me to grow up in the sun and dedicate wisdom to our dear motherland!"}, {"nb": 2640, "data": "The little seeds ticked, ticked, and the drizzle kept falling, waking the seeds in the soil. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, little raindrops are sprinkled constantly, moisturizing the little dry seeds. Tick \u200b\u200bTick, the little seed stretched out its feet, protruded its head, and grew into a sprout wearing a hat. The rain stopped, and the warm sun shone, and the bud took off the hat on his head. The rain stopped and the gentle spring breeze blew, and the young buds put on the green new clothes."}, {"nb": 2641, "data": "Snowflakes fluttered like silver butterflies, dancing beside us. \"Snowflake is a white face sprinkled from the sky!\" A child stretched out his little red hand, grabbed a handful of snow on the ground, and stared at it for a long time. \"No, it's not white flour!\" Another girl said: \"It's cotton, my grandfather said.\" \"It's Baiyun girl who is afraid of frost-breaking wheat seedlings. She sent thick quilts to the wheat field.\" \"A round-faced child waved his hands again and again,\" My mother said, snowflakes are the petals that Sister Chun sown from the sky, the petals fall, and spring is coming! \""}, {"nb": 2642, "data": "Multi-functional bridge I am a bridge engineer. I designed a multi-functional bridge. It can move, it will lengthen and shorten, it will rise and fall. When there is heavy water, I can build this bridge on the water at any time. If the river rises again, the bridge I designed will also rise, and it will not affect the vehicles driving on the bridge. If the river recedes, I will lower the bridge, shorten it, and transport it back to the warehouse."}, {"nb": 2643, "data": "The space dining table is very special. It is magnetic and can attract the knives, forks, and dishes on the table. When eating, astronauts must fix their feet on the floor and their bodies on the seats to avoid fluttering. Don't be anxious to eat, serve the bowl gently, and move too fast, the rice will float away from the bowl. The vegetable is decisive. It should be clamped and clamped accurately. Fork is the best. After the food is clamped, the mouth should be opened faster, and the mouth closed faster, otherwise, the food will fly out of the mouth."}, {"nb": 2644, "data": "The hedgehog is an interesting little animal. Its head is pointed, its eyes and ears are small, its teeth are very sharp, and its front teeth are particularly long. The hedgehog has very short limbs, but it runs very fast. Its claws are very sharp. It was covered with short and dense stings."}, {"nb": 2645, "data": "The mountains and rivers of the motherland are beautiful and rumbling. The train is like a horse, running happily on the field. The car window is like a camera, taking pictures of the event. One photo is the field. The fields are so big and so big that they are too big to be seen. The roads divide the green fields into pieces. A photo is of high mountains. The mountains are high and high, so high that they can't reach the top, mountains and mountains, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder. A picture is of green water. The water surface is so wide and wide that it is too wide to reach the shore. The fishing boats are scattered and the fishermen cast nets to fish. Rumble, Rumble. The train is like a horse, running happily in the field, the mountains and rivers can not be seen, and the motherland is very beautiful."}, {"nb": 2646, "data": "In the zoo, the willow branches pulled out the green branches. The little swallow stopped on the cornice of the gazebo and murmured. A few sparrows chirped on the branches and heard our footsteps and flew away in panic."}, {"nb": 2647, "data": "One big, one small, one tiger and one cat. One side is more, the other side is less, a group of geese and a bird. Count, count, and remember how big or small you are."}, {"nb": 2648, "data": "Cotton white, millet yellow, red face Guan Gong is sorghum. Winter melons are short, fat pumpkins, and loofahs are thin and long."}, {"nb": 2649, "data": "Black Swan Black Swan heard everyone said that during the day the goose is beautiful, thinking: I was not born black, it was born white! Hi ! If only one day can change the feather with the white swan. Finally the black swan came up with a solution. At night, it went to find a bottle of ink and a box of white powder. While taking advantage of the white swan's deep sleep, it quietly smeared ink on it, and wiped itself with white powder. Early the next morning, as soon as the sisters opened their eyes, the black swan hurriedly announced: \"Look, the white swan has turned black, I have turned white, the white swan is ugly, I am beautiful!\" , Laughing at the black swans one after another. The black swan was puzzled for a while. At this time, the elder sister came over and said with a long heart: \"Little girl, we usually say you are ugly and say that the white swan is beautiful, not referring to your appearance, but to your heart. Usually the white swan thinks much about everyone, this is its advantage. You think of yourself all day long. Take the thing you did today, do n\u2019t you prove your ugliness? In fact, what is the use of smearing and disguising yourself? If you want to throw away the ugliness, if you want to say that you are beautiful, you must thoroughly correct your shortcomings. \""}, {"nb": 2650, "data": "Azalea Sunday, I went for a walk in the park. I wandered to the flower garden, which was full of azaleas. It is our city flower in Wuxi, clumps of clumps, clumps of clumps, so well-opened! Some of these azaleas are double-petaled and some are single-petaled. The double-petalled flowers are overlapping and clustered together with a cluster of stamens in the middle. They drove in threes and fives in droves, as if what a close friend was talking about. Look, the single-petal flower is not bad either. Several petals surround it, both like stars and small trumpets. \"Tick-tick\" plays the hymn of spring. I couldn't help but stepped forward and smelled it, ah, the faint fragrances flew past the tip of my nose, intoxicating! I put the Buddha in the sea of \u200b\u200bflowers. The little bee smelled the scent and flew to the flowers to sing a beautiful song; the little butterfly smelled the scent, climbed on the stamen, carrying a large bag of food, and went home happily ... The saying goes well, \"Red flower \"Let's have a green leaf lining.\" Pulling the petals apart, the green leaves are oval-shaped, like a green boat, touched by hand, furry, it is lined with flowers, flowers and leaves, it looks even more gorgeous."}, {"nb": 2651, "data": "The wind on the sea is the god of flowers. When she gathers it, she bursts out thousands of waves ... The wind on the sea is a luthier. As soon as she comes, she plays ten thousand songs ... The wind on the sea is Hercules. Ten thousand pieces of fishing sails were sent away ... The wind on the sea was a lion, and when it roared, it set off monstrous waves ..."}, {"nb": 2652, "data": "Grandpa Deng Xiaoping's tree planting festival in 1985 was an unforgettable day. On this day, there were no clouds in the world, and the spring breeze was blowing. Among the crowd planting trees in the Temple of Heaven Park, 81-year-old grandfather Deng Xiaoping was particularly striking. I saw that he was digging a tree pit with a shovel in his hand, and his forehead was covered with beads of sweat, and he still refused to rest. A tree pit was dug up. Grandpa Deng picked a vigorous cypress seedling and carefully moved it into the tree pit. He waved a shovel and filled a few shovels of soil. He stood a few steps away and took a closer look. He did n\u2019t feel very straight, and said repeatedly, \u201cNo, no!\u201d He stepped forward and planted the sapling on a green cypress tree, standing straight like a warrior There. There was a satisfied smile on Grandpa Deng 's face. Today, the cypress trees planted by Grandpa Deng personally have grown up, and the \"Xiaoping Tree\" has become a beautiful scenery in the Temple of Heaven."}, {"nb": 2653, "data": "Lights of Beijing City At night, the city of Beijing is full of lights, which are beautiful and beautiful. The vehicles on both sides of the road are flashing lights, shuttle between them; the street lights on both sides are standing high, shining brightly, like standing soldiers standing guard; the tall residential buildings are lit, and the people under the lights must be eating or reading books, watching TV, Chatting, the children must be playing or writing homework; the bustling shopping mall is lit, the bustling crowd is in and out, some are preparing to go shopping, some are shopping, and go home happily with a satisfied smile; The Beijing Library is lit, and the people inside must be reading books seriously or looking for information; the CCTV tower is draped with colored lights: red, yellow, blue, green, pink, and purple woven colorful clothes , Very spectacular and beautiful. I like the Beijing city at night, it is so quiet, beautiful and prosperous."}, {"nb": 2654, "data": "Spring is here and the water of the small river is flowing. The trees on the shore were green, the peach blossoms were blooming, and the young wheat in the distance began to turn green. In this spring season, the teacher led the students to plant trees in the wild. Under the leadership of the teacher, some of them dug pits, some lifted water, and some planted seedlings. Everyone was doing a great job."}, {"nb": 2655, "data": "The Olympic flag has a white background and five circles in the center are arranged in two rows. The colors of the top three rings are blue, black, and red; the colors of the bottom two rings are yellow and green in turn. The connection of the five rings symbolizes that the people of the world hold hands and connect their hearts. The purpose of the Olympic Games is: faster, higher and stronger."}, {"nb": 2656, "data": "Because of the rain, the grass is greener; because of the sunlight, the flowers are redder; because of the white clouds, the sky is bluer; because of the autumn wind, the earth turns yellow."}, {"nb": 2657, "data": "Autumn is coming, autumn wind is blowing, and the weather is getting cooler. The children followed the teacher to the countryside. The blue sky is endless, and white clouds play in the sky. Sometimes they look like a group of white rabbits, sometimes they look like a few sheep, and sometimes they look like cute little dogs. In the farmland, the rice is yellow, the sorghum is red, and the cotton is white. Children are rolling on the grass, flying kites, laughing, shouting, how happy!"}, {"nb": 2658, "data": "Our little village is beautiful. There are mountains in the distance and orchards in the vicinity. There is a crooked river on the left, and a straight road on the right. There is a breeding factory in front of the village, which breeds many white rabbits and black rabbits. There is a forest behind the village with many poplars and willows of different heights."}, {"nb": 2659, "data": "It doesn't matter if the small lantern doesn't have an electric light. I have a small lantern. If you come to see it during the day, it's a glass bottle. If you come to see it at night, it's a small green light. The glass bottle contains grass and a firefly."}, {"nb": 2660, "data": "Impatiens in June, impatiens gradually blossomed, some like butterflies, some like pompon. There are pink, crimson, purple, white. The girls picked their petal juice and dyed their red nails, but they did not fade for a long time. According to my grandmother, Bai Fengxian can be treated with traditional Chinese medicine. Grandpa said that planting impatiens in front of the house behind the door can also drive away the poisonous snakes. The flowering period of Impatiens is very long, some wither, some open, and some results, almost at the same time. The fruit is shaped like a jujube, and its color changes from green to yellow, indicating that it is ripe. If people's hands touch it, it will explode immediately, the outer shell rolls up, and the black seed bullet in the middle is far away. Mom said that this is a special function of impatiens to spread seeds. Fengxian's mother hopes that there will be more children and grandchildren next year."}, {"nb": 2661, "data": "At naughty summer and summer noon, the sun is like a big fireball, hot and hot. The little flower is listless and sad. The grass has also dried up, and the leaves are all rolled up. The road seemed to be covered in a hot coat. The bicycle was parked outside, so hot that the owner dared not even sit. Ugh ! Summer, you are so naughty!"}, {"nb": 2662, "data": "I will change. As soon as the sun is shining, I become a gas. Ascending to the sky, I became countless tiny dots again, connected in a piece, floating in the sky. Sometimes I wear white clothes, sometimes I wear black clothes, and in the morning and evening I put a red robe on my body again."}, {"nb": 2663, "data": "Hyacinth This is a small flower with a unique style. It looks like a daffodil, but the flowers and stems are purple. I can't figure out why it is called \"hyacinth\": is it not the wind girl who awakened it before it bloomed little flowers to convey the spring message to people? The roots of hyacinths grow in the water, entwined like bean sprouts; don't look at its roots like a big garlic, but it is the general storehouse of hyacinths to store nutrients! When flowers and leaves need nutrition, the roots are reserved for them. Those new leaves spread out all around. As soon as spring comes, hyacinths have trumpet-like flowers in turn from bottom to top, as if telling people: \u201cSpring is here! Spring is here! hyacinth!"}, {"nb": 2664, "data": "Deciduous summer has passed, Mommy Qiu is busy putting a golden coat on the tree, and looking up, the leaves seem like a vast sea of \u200b\u200bgold. The autumn wind swept through, the leaves fell one after another, some danced like butterflies, and some flew like yellow warbler, Others rotate lightly like dancers. The ground is covered with fallen leaves, like a thick golden carpet."}, {"nb": 2665, "data": "Hands and mouth for one day, hands and mouth talk together. The hand said: \"My skills are so great, I made many things in the world.\" The mouth rushed and said: \"I also have credit!\" The hand said with a laugh: \"What credit do you have? I don't Give you something, you do n\u2019t even have anything to eat. \u201dThe mouth said angrily:\u201c I eat, but also for everyone. If I do n\u2019t eat, can you still move? \u201dHearing, he was very angry. He no longer stutters anything, and does not ask him for his mouth. After a few days, I can't hold anything in my hand, what about my mouth? Can't move anymore."}, {"nb": 2666, "data": "The little fairy tale is to the south of the cloud, in a distant place, a group of leaves says: \"We want to bloom like flowers.\" A group of flowers says: \"We want to fly like a bird.\" A group of peacocks says: \"We want to be like trees Same growth. \""}, {"nb": 2667, "data": "Animals on land make various sounds. \"Wang Wangwang\" is a dog barking, \"Mimi Mimi\" is a cat barking, \"Boo Biao Biao\" is a sheep barking, \"Woo Woo Woo\" is a rooster barking. The yellow warbler's cry sounds like singing, and the parrot will learn to talk to people. The fish in the ocean can be called like the animals on land. You hear, it's the sound of octopus, melodious like a piano, lionfish makes \"haha\" laughter, and balloon fish also makes a \"huff\" sound, as if the sleeping person is snoring."}, {"nb": 2668, "data": "The beautiful flower bed has a rectangular flower bed in the northwest corner of our school playground. In the center of the flower bed, there are several tall and fragrant \"canna\" plants. Its dark green leaves resemble a green banana fan. Its straight and straight stem dragged a few gorgeous crimson flowers, much like a slim young girl standing there! On both sides of the flower bed, there are two pomegranate trees. They seem to be two guards guarding the flower bed day and night. Around the flower bed, there are many potted plants, including the frosty winter wheat, the pink rose, the verdant chrysanthemum, and the beautiful Begonia, which is really beautiful! The flower bed in the school is so beautiful!"}, {"nb": 2669, "data": "The little crow loves her mother. After her mother's careful nurturing, the little crow gradually grows up. It grows into a big and strong crow. The mother of the little crow gradually grew old and could not fly. The little crow flew out every day to find food for her mother. Whether it is a strong wind blowing loudly or a heavy rain falling down, the little crow is not afraid at all. It flew from east to west, and from south to north. When it found something to eat, it came back and fed it to its mother bit by bit. When my mother is full, she eats by herself. The little crow loves its mother so much!"}, {"nb": 2670, "data": "What a beautiful summer night, it is quiet, the flowers are asleep, the grass is asleep, and the trees are asleep. In the pool, the water lily closed its beautiful eyes. On the big green leaves, there is a dragonfly parked, like a small plane parked on the airport. In the grass by the pool, the frog sang screaming, and the golden bells rattled. In the sky, the mother-in-law Moon smiled and raised her eyebrows, and the stars blinked her naughty eyes. The wind blows gently. The fireflies carried small lanterns and flew in the sky, blinking blinking, blinking blinking ... how beautiful the summer night was!"}, {"nb": 2671, "data": "Xiao Shuizhu said, \"Lotus is my cradle.\" XiaoShuizhu lay on the lotus leaf, blinking her shiny eyes. The little dragonfly said: \"The lotus leaf is my apron. The little dragonfly stopped on the lotus leaf and spread its wide wings. The little frog said,\" The lotus leaf is my song stage, \"the little frog crouched on the lotus leaf, quack Sing loudly. The child said: \"Lotus leaf is my cool hat. \"Children put on lotus leaves, with a grinning, ruddy face, hidden under the green, round lotus leaves, more beautiful than lotus flowers!"}, {"nb": 2672, "data": "The cuckoo's floral skirt cuckoo lives in the tree hole of the old locust tree. Listening to the old locust tree, cuckoo used to have no flower skirt. It flew from east to west, and while flying, it was called \"cuckoo, cuckoo, hurry cuckoo!\" In the spring of the cuckoo's cries, the earth changed into green clothes. Large crops are connected to the orchard, high mountain terraces are like colored ladders, and green, pink, and pale blue flowers bloom on the green grass. Bees come to gather honey, butterflies come to dance. The lively river sings songs, and flows happily into the distance. Seeing that spring is so beautiful, the cuckoo is very happy. At this time, it was so tired that it quietly returned to its nest and slept. The next day, the cuckoo woke up and found himself wearing a floral dress. \"What's going on?\" It was surprised and happy. The old locust tree told Cuckoo: \"Because you diligently call everyone Cuckoo, so Spring Girl and Mother Earth specially made a flower skirt for you.\" Cuckoo has a beautiful flower skirt, and it keeps coming every spring. Call people: \"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Hurry Cuckoo!\""}, {"nb": 2673, "data": "Small saplings, lined up, greening the motherland is busy. Walk to both sides of the road station and hold a green umbrella on the street. Walk to the wind outlet of the field station to block the sand and ensure a good harvest. When we walked to the desert and stood firm, the desert was green and green. When I walked to the barren hill and settled down, I was wearing green clothes."}, {"nb": 2674, "data": "There is a small river in my hometown. The river flows slowly around the village, and there are many trees on the river bank. In spring, the trees are full of peach blossoms, which looks like a fiery morning glow from afar. After the stone bridge, it is a green farmland. Hometown is so beautiful! I love my hometown!"}, {"nb": 2675, "data": "Autumn is beautiful in the park. All kinds of chrysanthemums have been opened. Some are red, some are yellow, some are white, and some are purple. They are very beautiful. The sweet-scented osmanthus is also blooming. The little ones are yellow and yellow, and they also emit a burst of fragrance."}, {"nb": 2676, "data": "The big rooster blushed before dawn every day, the big rooster had to cry from the neck for a while. One day, his neighbor, the little rabbit, asked him: \"Friend, why do you always call it, is it quieter to be better?\" Said the big cock: \"I don't call, the sky won't be bright!\" The rabbit shook his head doubtfully. \"Why, do you still doubt this?\" Said the big cock in surprise: \"Every day, always after I called, the genius is bright. Isn't that true?\" The rabbit thought for a while and said: \"So , Do n\u2019t call it tomorrow morning, see what happens? \u201dThe big cock agreed. The next day, the big cock didn't call. However, the sky is still bright. Self-righteous big cock, blushed with a brush."}, {"nb": 2677, "data": "Small rivers, small rivers, green grass. On this side of the river are white flocks. On the other side of the river are black, brown cattle. The sky is blue, and the river is blue."}, {"nb": 2678, "data": "The fruit is ripe in the orchard. Apples are blushing like dolls; yellow persimmons are covered with branches; pomegranates also playfully grin their small mouths and smile at us. Look at the oranges, they are all round and chubby, watching the children's games on the branches, they also want to come down and play!"}, {"nb": 2679, "data": "Watching the Lantern Festival One day in September, night fell and had a good dinner. I followed my father excitedly to the Lantern Festival in the stadium. When I entered the door, I looked at it with a glance. The whole stadium was like a sea of \u200b\u200blights, colorful, and the surroundings were like daylight. The golden light was splendid, so impressive! I followed in my father's footsteps and visited various exquisite palace lanterns, horse lanterns, crystal elephant lanterns and so on. The more I look at it, the more excited I am, and the more curious I look. The thing I like particularly is the \"Peacock Lamp\". The feathers on the screen of the peacock are like jewels filled with bright colors. The mouth of the \"Dragon Lantern\" merged one by one, spitting out a string of pearls as if it were alive. I think: If the lamp is compared to the stars in the sky, the stars are not as colorful as it is; if the lamp is compared to the flowers on the ground, the flowers are not as dazzling as it is. At the end of the visit, my father asked me: \"What are these lights made of?\" I took a closer look, yeah, these lights are made of small bottles, pots, bamboo, etc. The designer of the lamp, how clever and clever they are, what a wonderful bright world they make up with these gadgets!"}, {"nb": 2680, "data": "Ants and bees people always love to praise bees. Ants are very unhappy. One day, the ants crawled to the tree in search of food, and were hitting the bees in the flowers. The ant asked: \"Bee, do you say I am hardworking?\" The bee said: \"You are like me, busy all day.\" The ant asked again: \"Why do people only praise you?\" The bee said with a smile: Because your hard work is for yourself, my hard work is for others. \""}, {"nb": 2681, "data": "There are many, many useful small animals around us, such as dragonflies, little swallows, and frogs. Let's take a look at the dragonfly first! Look, a dragonfly is resting on a branch! The dragonfly has big eyes on its head, which is really like a searchlight. It also has a pair of transparent wings. Its figure is thin and long and really slim. Not only does it eat pests, but it is also a weather forecaster. When it flies low, it shows that the weather has changed. Go and see the little swallows again! Look, there is a little swallow in the sky that is busy catching flying insects! The swallow is dressed in a black tuxedo. The tail is like a pair of small scissors. It is also a weather forecaster. The weather will change when it flies low. Quack quack quack quack quack, who is coming Oh, it turned out to be a little frog. It bulged with a pair of big eyes, dressed in turquoise and green clothes, and exposed the belly of snow-white snow-white, very cute. It can eat thousands of pests in a year. It is a good helper to protect crops. There are so many useful little animals around us! We must protect those lovely little lives well!"}, {"nb": 2682, "data": "Winter is here and the little frog is swimming in the small pond. It \u2019s so good to find a companion! The little frog asked the loach: \"Let's play together?\" Said the loach: \"It's getting cold. I'm going to dig into the bed to spend the winter!\" After I finished, I got into the soft river and disappeared. The little frog asked a little carp next to him: \"Let's play together!\" The little carp shook his head and said, \"We all sleep together in winter!\" How should the little frog spend the winter?"}, {"nb": 2683, "data": "In the spring of the four seasons, there are many east winds, and swallows are blown to make new nests. In summer, there are many southerly winds blowing the sun like a fire. In autumn, westerly winds blow, and ripe crops blow ripe fruits. In winter, there are many northerly winds, and snowflakes are blowing."}, {"nb": 2684, "data": "The spring clothes of the little rabbits are here, and the creatures on the earth have a new look. Mother Rabbit said to the little rabbit: \"We should change our clothes!\" The little rabbit looked at the white leather jacket and said, \"No, the white jacket is beautiful!\" After that, he went to play in the woods. When the little rabbit saw the partridge bird wearing a flower dress, he asked strangely, \"How did you change the white dress to a flower dress?\" The partridge bird said, \"It is not easy to be spotted by the enemy when you put on the flower dress in spring. Encountered a frog. The frog just woke up after hibernation, and after bathing, his whole body was shiny green. He said to the little rabbit: \"My new clothes are the same color as the grass, so it is convenient to catch bugs!\" At this time, a grasshopper popped up and wore green clothes. The grasshopper said, \"I like to jump around in the grass. My mother said, it is appropriate to wear this kind of clothes. You should also go to change your spring clothes!\" Little Rabbit quickly went home to change clothes. My mother said with a smile: \"Your clothes have been changed!\" The little rabbit looked, and he had grown a lot of gray hairs on his body, and changed into gray spring clothes!"}, {"nb": 2685, "data": "In summer, Mother-in-law Liu held a big umbrella, and the Dutch girl held a small umbrella. Under the big umbrella, I knew I was singing; under the small umbrella, the fish were playing. The beautiful red dragonfly flies in the air, training its flying skills. The little frog, tired of playing, jumped into the lotus pond to take a bath, and happily bulged his cheeks, knocked on the green bongo: quack quack ..."}, {"nb": 2686, "data": "June 1st is Children's Day. On this day, the colorful flags fluttered on the campus, and the children's faces were full of joy, and they came to the school with great joy. The celebration began. Many factories and neighborhood committees gave us many gifts, including toys, chess pieces, books, and small footballs. The students sang, danced, performed martial arts, and performed tricks, and performed wonderful programs. At the celebration, all our first grade children wore red scarves. The teacher told us that the young pioneers should win glory for the red scarf and be the little master of the motherland. I must remember what the teacher said."}, {"nb": 2687, "data": "Beautiful little pond There is a park near my house. There is a very beautiful pond in the park. The pond was filled with clear water, and the sparkling waves flickered under the sunshine and the breeze, like twin eyes with twinkling eyes. The pond is surrounded by tender green grass. From a distance, it looks very beautiful, like the creator put a thick green carpet on the ground. Sometimes when I play by the pond, I will also see a group of little birds flying happily over the pond. In the evening, the sky was covered with red glow, and the glow of the sun reflected on the water surface, like laying a layer of red, transparent yarn on the water surface. As night fell, the crooked moon reflected on the surface of the water, like a small boat gently rippling in the water waves; and the stars reflected on the surface of the water, like the shining pearls, kept jumping in the water waves. What a beautiful little pond!"}, {"nb": 2688, "data": "The beautiful sea, the sea, the blue, the wide and the wide. The beach, yellow and yellow, is long and soft. The snow-white waves rushed to the beach, leaving many small shells. The children laughed happily and ran to the beach. They picked up the little shells, put on beautiful necklaces, and hung them on their chests. The children happily ran around on the beach and gave joyful laughter to the sea."}, {"nb": 2689, "data": "The little tropical fish looks good! The body of the small tropical fish is triangular and the body is golden yellow. The tail is black and a triangle. The little tropical fish has a pair of small round eyes and a pointed mouth with two long and dark beards under the mouth!"}, {"nb": 2690, "data": "The little snail thing happened in spring. The mother snail said to the child: \"Go play in the woods, the leaves should germinate.\" The little snail crawled very slowly, very slowly, and it took a long time to crawl back. It said: \"Mom, the trees in the woods are full of leaves, green and green, and there are many strawberries on the ground!\" Mom Snail said: \"Oh, it's already summer! Go and pick a few strawberries and come back. \"The little snail crawled and crawled, it took a long time to come back. It said: \"Mum, the strawberries are gone, there are mushrooms on the ground, and the leaves are all yellow.\" Snail milk mother said: \"Oh, it's already autumn! Go and pick a few mushrooms and come back.\" just came back. It said: \"Mom, the mushrooms are gone, the ground is covered with snow, and the leaves are all gone.\" Mommy Snail said, \"Oh, it's already winter! Alas, stay in your house and spend the winter!\""}, {"nb": 2691, "data": "When people saw that bats could fly at night, they invented radar. Seeing the birds flying freely in the sky, they invented the airplane. Dolphins are master swimmers, and submarines are built according to their appearance. The eyes of the pigeon can tell whether the enemy is a friend or an enemy. The man-made monitor can also monitor aircraft and missiles. Dog noses are best. People have created electronic noses to check whether underground gas pipes are leaking."}, {"nb": 2692, "data": "Rain in autumn This morning, the weather is fine, but it rained in the afternoon. The raindrops \u201ccracked and cracked\u201d and knocked on the glass windows, and a lot of \u201cwater splashes\u201d immediately gathered on the window glass, and they jumped happily! Through the glass window, I looked out, and there seemed to be a huge curtain hanging between the world and the curtain. This curtain was not made of cloth, but woven with rain silk. Across the rain curtain, the building opposite was blurred, and a long curtain of drops of water hung under the eaves. In the rain, a leaf becomes like a watercolour that is not dry. The gray sky is the background, and the bright wet leaves are the main characters in the painting. Some leaves that fell to the ground by the rain seemed to have their heads up, looking at their partners in the tree, and they felt very sad. After the rain, the weather was obviously cold. A coat I wore seemed very thin, so I quickly added a dress."}, {"nb": 2693, "data": "In the morning, a thick fog covered the white sky. The towers and hills in the distance could not be seen. The fields and woods in the vicinity are separated by a layer of yarn, which is vague and indistinct."}, {"nb": 2694, "data": "The motherland is a big garden with small crayons. It is really beautiful, red, yellow, black, white, green, blue. The red pen draws the sun, a circle. Blue strokes on the river, three curved lines. Yellow pen draws a small piece, that is a small sailboat. The green pen draws a big triangle, that is a mountain. Draw all kinds of crayons together to draw a large garden of the motherland."}, {"nb": 2695, "data": "The apple of the first big apple, the bear family, was ripe, and he invited a little friend to taste it together. The little bear picked a big red apple from the tree. Who will eat it first? The little deer said: \"I watered the apple tree and fertilized it. Let me eat this big apple.\" The little monkey said: \"In winter, I will put a thick straw coat on the fruit tree. Give me this big apple. \"The kitten said,\" When the fruit is buggy, I sprayed the potion and killed all the bugs. Let me eat this big apple. \"What should I do? The bear's eyes rolled, cut the apple into six pieces, picked the two largest pieces and handed them to his father and mother. Oh ! The little friends understood: Eat first, think of the elders first, and it is the happiest of all to share happiness."}, {"nb": 2696, "data": "Interesting mouth birds have different mouths and different foods. The woodpecker's mouth is long and pointed, and it can catch small bugs in the tree; the sparrow's mouth is short and thick, and can break the hard skin; the eagle's mouth is particularly hard, with a small groove in front, which can catch small animals , You can also tear the meat of animals to eat."}, {"nb": 2697, "data": "Xiaoshanquan said, \"Wow, hare, you don't understand my wish. The purpose of my water storage is to make people use it and quench their thirst. If I am idle all day long and no one needs me, then it is unfortunate!\""}, {"nb": 2698, "data": "In the morning, the dewdrops gathered on the bright green leaves, crystal clear and translucent, like the shiny little pearls sprinkled on the green leaves. The blade shook gently, and a few small dewdrops hided into the grass mischievously, and could no longer be found. The sun had just lifted off the layers of clouds and laid out a golden smile, gazing lovingly at the land that had slept all night. In the cool morning breeze, the little dewdrop raised his round head and nodded slightly to the sun."}, {"nb": 2699, "data": "There is a cute little white rabbit in our family. Its name is Bai Bai. The white rabbit's body is snow-white and snow-white, with long ears and short tail, and a pair of red eyes, like two big rubies, so cute. At ordinary times, it always loves to bounce, but as soon as I give it radish, he stops obediently, chewing its big radish with relish, without lifting his head, and the three-petal mouth keeps moving. Zizi is really interesting."}, {"nb": 2700, "data": "Spring is here, spring is here, spring is full of birds. Butterflies danced, bees buzzed, hibernating frogs stretched out, and swallows from the south came. Summer is here, summer is here, summer is really lively. The grasshopper sang happily, the dragonfly flew high, and the knowledge of the tree called, and the fireflies lit the lamp at night."}, {"nb": 2701, "data": "It's raining in summer. Summer rain came when it came. The colorful umbrellas formed a lot of wet flowers in the rain. The world in the rain is like a crystal lake. Groups of children playing with umbrellas play in the transparent rain, like fish in the lake, playing hide and seek under the lotus leaf."}, {"nb": 2702, "data": "Several animals in the zoo are playing the seesaw. The sika deer plays with the little squirrel. The little squirrel cannot raise the sika deer. The red panda plays with the baby monkey. The baby monkey cannot lift the red panda. The little squirrel plays with the little monkey. The little squirrel cannot lift the little monkey up. The sika deer plays with the red panda, but the red panda still cannot lift the sika deer. Can you tell who is the heaviest?"}, {"nb": 2703, "data": "The green beans are thin and long, and the cucumbers are dressed in green clothes. Eggplants play lanterns high, radishes hide and seek underground. The pepper has a pointed mouth, and the older the pumpkin, the more yellow the skin."}, {"nb": 2704, "data": "In autumn, the fruit is harvested. In the sun, the ripe persimmons hang on the branches like lanterns. Huang Chengcheng's Yali pressed the branches. The red jujubes are cute like rubies. Bunches of purple-red grapes gleam with fascinating brilliance."}, {"nb": 2705, "data": "What color is the sun? When the sun kisses an apple, the apple turns red. When the sun kisses the banana, the banana turns yellow. When the sun kisses the leaves, the leaves turn green. When the sun kisses the grapes, the grapes turn purple. So, what color is the sun? I think the color of the sun must be colorful. All the most beautiful colors in the world come from the sun. The world is beautiful, first of all because the sun is beautiful."}]}